
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.577279                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1577279438037                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               34880657362398                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 662261                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   662261                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              870475709                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2568188                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1811.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1200000009                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1200000009                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 34880657362398                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu.data            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst         8064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     86473728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.data     17688576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         104170752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         8064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total         8256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks     34743168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       34743168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu.data               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1351152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.data       276384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1627668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       542862                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            542862                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu.inst                81                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu.data               122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         5113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     54824609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.inst           41                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.data     11214611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             66044576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           81                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         5113                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst           41                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total            5234                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       22027275                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            22027275                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       22027275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu.inst               81                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu.data              122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         5113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     54824609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.inst           41                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.data     11214611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            88071851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1627668                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    542862                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1627668                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  542862                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             104158400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  12352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               34741952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              104170752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            34743168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   193                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           105602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           103741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           104064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           101608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           102677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           102538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           101573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           102090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           100418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            99057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           99446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          100029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           99348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           99470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          101532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          104282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            36226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            35097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            34598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            33488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            33510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            33398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            33266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            33741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            33209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            33111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           33563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           33447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           33239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           33376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           34188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           35386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1577278663479                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1627668                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              542862                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1525155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  89566                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  11895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    859                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 18367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 18965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 30243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 31526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 31648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 31653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 31648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 31692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 31681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 31764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 32069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 31817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 31690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 31677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 31643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 31626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 31523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 31505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1971261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    70.462462                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    67.693359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.784879                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1848564     93.78%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       103606      5.26%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        15497      0.79%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2814      0.14%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          589      0.03%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          142      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           38      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1971261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     51.673758                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    48.464156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   115.816283                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        31491     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        31495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.235847                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.203946                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.045059                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           12586     39.96%     39.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             464      1.47%     41.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           16999     53.97%     95.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            1347      4.28%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              87      0.28%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              10      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::31               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        31495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 86775334746                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           117290490996                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                8137375000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    53319.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               72069.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       66.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       22.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    66.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    22.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   31869                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 167181                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                 1.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               30.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    726679.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                    9.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              7110726000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              3779425320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             5882596020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1426751280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        125036215200.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         64997883180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy          6315651360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   349021456080                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   168412515840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy     68281944315                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          800310496965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           507.399303                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        1418190042749                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8920589592                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  53078988000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 214220099016                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 438573273060                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  97088399654                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 765398088715                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              6964127520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              3701510175                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             5737575480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1406889180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        126754748640.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         64462107690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy          6110881920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   356377295250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   174792422880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy     60130467270                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          806495498175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           511.320610                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        1419871562431                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8651541029                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  53799780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 183155754256                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 455188454153                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  94955846921                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 781528061678                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 34880657362398                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu.data            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst         8128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     86456384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.data     17687936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         104152704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         8128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     34724224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       34724224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu.data               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1350881                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.data       276374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1627386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       542566                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            542566                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu.inst                41                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu.data               122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         5153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     54813613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.data     11214206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             66033134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           41                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         5153                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total            5194                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       22015264                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            22015264                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       22015264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu.inst               41                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu.data              122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         5153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     54813613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.data     11214206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            88048398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1627386                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    542566                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1627386                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  542566                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             104139008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  13696                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               34722624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              104152704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            34724224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   214                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           106251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           103803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           103930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           101788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           102623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           102333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           101333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           101745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           100539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            99239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           99752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           99881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           99187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           99496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          101365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          103907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            36326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            35032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            34530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            33512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            33429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            33337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            33260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            33696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            33251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            33079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           33587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           33344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           33305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           33365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           34199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           35289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1577278957851                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1627386                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              542566                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1525828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  89478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  11288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 18370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 18954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 30319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 31496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 31610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 31635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 31637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 31686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 31684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 31748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 32009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 31759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 31656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 31664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 31624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 31615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 31502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 31487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1970194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    70.480937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    67.700703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.842624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1847527     93.77%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       103524      5.25%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        15533      0.79%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2825      0.14%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          593      0.03%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          155      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           24      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1970194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31477                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     51.693300                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    48.496892                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   115.843982                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        31473     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        31477                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.236109                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.204172                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.045770                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           12584     39.98%     39.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             460      1.46%     41.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           16972     53.92%     95.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            1357      4.31%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              97      0.31%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               6      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        31477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 86401375193                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           116910850193                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                8135860000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    53099.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               71849.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       66.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       22.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    66.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    22.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   31524                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 167988                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                 1.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               30.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    726872.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                    9.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              7106313480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              3777072420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             5881974840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1425696840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        124953853440.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         65148912660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy          6296028000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   348617796330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   168724799040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy     68135986305                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          800110428225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           507.272457                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        1417920518525                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8864323835                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  53043176000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 214019623639                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 439386016900                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  97450896975                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 764515400688                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              6960921660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              3699813810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             5736033240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1406367180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        126535322160.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         64382802450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy          6091293600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   356860648980                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   173805510720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy     60467383170                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          806005831890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           511.010159                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        1420092720965                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8607294207                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  53705880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 184885867377                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 452618165914                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  94873346267                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 782588884272                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 34880657362398                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                       0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted                 0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect                 0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                    0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct                   nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups               0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                  0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses                0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                           16                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                       16                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           1                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       1                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                           17                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                       17                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           4                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       4                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1577279438037                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                             1036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles                 65                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                             17                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                             3                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                       3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.PendingDrainCycles                 6                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                         4                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                     2                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples                 75                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.226667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             1.300450                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                       72     96.00%     96.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                        1      1.33%     97.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                        0      0.00%     97.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                        0      0.00%     97.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                        0      0.00%     97.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                        0      0.00%     97.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                        0      0.00%     97.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                        0      0.00%     97.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                        2      2.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                   75                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                         0                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.016409                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                       69                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                     1                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                      2                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                     17                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                      2                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                       69                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                       1                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles              0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                     17                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands                  14                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                    26                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups               11                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups                15                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                     1                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                       13                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                  0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts              0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                         0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                    8                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                   3                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                 0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                         17                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                        18                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined              15                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined           21                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            75                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.240000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        0.867429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  68     90.67%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                   3      4.00%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                   0      0.00%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                   1      1.33%     96.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                   3      4.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              75                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                 2    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  1      5.56%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                    0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                   0      0.00%      5.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              16     88.89%     94.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite              1      5.56%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                     18                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.017375                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                           2                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.111111                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 75                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  38                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 32                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            3                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      20                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads                0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            7                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            2                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked             9                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                      2                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                       1                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  17                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                     8                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                    3                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents              0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect              0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                    0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    18                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    16                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                           17                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                        0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                          1                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.017375                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                              3                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                             3                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                         1                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                         1                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.002896                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                            1                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts              15                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples           72                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.027778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.165489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0           70     97.22%     97.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            2      2.78%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            1                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total           72                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                    2                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                      2                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                              2                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                             1                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                          0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          2                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                         2                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu                0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv                0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead               0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite              0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            1     50.00%     50.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            1     50.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total                 2                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                     0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                           88                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                          36                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                               4                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                             961                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                           2                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                             2                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                             518.000000                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                       518.000000                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.001931                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.001931                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       57                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                        35                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                        2                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 34880657362398                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6053228                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::0                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::1                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::2                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::3                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::4                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::5                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::6                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::7                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::8                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::9                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::10                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::11                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::12                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::13                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::14                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::15                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::16                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::17                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::18                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::19                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::20                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::21                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::22                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::23                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::24                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::25                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::26                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::27                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::28                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::29                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::30                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::31                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::32                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::33                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::34                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::35                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::36                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::37                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::38                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::39                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::40                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::41                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::42                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::43                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::44                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::45                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::46                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::47                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::48                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::49                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::50                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::51                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::52                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::53                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::54                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::55                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::56                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::57                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::58                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::59                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::60                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::61                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::62                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::63                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::64                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::65                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::66                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::67                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::68                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::69                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::70                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::71                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::72                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::73                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::74                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::75                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::76                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::77                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::78                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::79                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::80                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::81                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::82                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::83                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::84                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::85                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::86                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::87                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::88                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::89                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::90                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::91                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::92                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::93                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::94                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::95                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::96                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::97                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::98                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::99                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::100                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::101                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::102                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::103                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::104                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::105                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::106                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::107                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::108                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::109                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::110                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::111                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::112                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::113                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::114                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::115                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::116                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::117                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::118                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::119                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::120                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::121                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::122                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::123                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::124                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::125                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::126                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::127                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::128                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::129                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::130                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::131                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::132                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::133                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::134                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::135                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::136                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::137                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::138                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::139                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::140                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::141                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::142                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::143                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::144                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::145                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::146                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::147                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::148                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::149                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::150                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::151                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::152                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::153                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::154                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::155                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::156                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::157                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::158                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::159                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::160                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::161                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::162                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::163                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::164                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::165                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::166                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::167                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::168                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::169                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::170                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::171                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::172                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::173                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::174                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::175                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::176                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::177                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::178                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::179                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::180                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::181                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::182                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::183                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::184                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::185                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::186                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::187                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::188                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::189                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::190                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::191                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::192                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::193                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::194                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::195                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::196                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::197                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::198                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::199                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::200                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::201                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::202                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::203                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::204                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::205                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::206                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::207                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::208                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::209                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::210                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::211                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::212                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::213                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::214                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::215                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::216                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::217                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::218                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::219                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::220                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::221                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::222                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::223                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::224                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::225                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::226                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::227                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::228                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::229                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::230                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::231                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::232                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::233                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::234                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::235                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::236                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::237                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::238                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::239                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::240                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::241                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::242                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::243                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::244                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::245                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::246                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::247                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::248                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::249                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::250                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::251                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::252                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::253                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::254                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::255                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::256                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::257                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::258                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::259                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::260                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::261                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::262                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::263                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::264                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::265                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::266                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::267                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::268                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::269                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::270                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::271                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::272                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::273                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::total              0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::0                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::1                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::2                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::3                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::4                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::5                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::6                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::7                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::8                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::9                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::10                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::11                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::12                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::13                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::14                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::15                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::16                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::17                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::18                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::19                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::20                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::21                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::22                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::23                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::24                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::25                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::26                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::27                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::28                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::29                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::30                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::31                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::32                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::33                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::34                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::35                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::36                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::37                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::38                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::39                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::40                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::41                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::42                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::43                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::44                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::45                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::46                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::47                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::48                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::49                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::50                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::51                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::52                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::53                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::54                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::55                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::56                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::57                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::58                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::59                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::60                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::61                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::62                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::63                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::64                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::65                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::66                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::67                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::68                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::69                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::70                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::71                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::72                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::73                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::74                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::75                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::76                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::77                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::78                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::79                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::80                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::81                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::82                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::83                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::84                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::85                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::86                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::87                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::88                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::89                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::90                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::91                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::92                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::93                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::94                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::95                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::96                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::97                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::98                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::99                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::100                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::101                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::102                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::103                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::104                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::105                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::106                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::107                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::108                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::109                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::110                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::111                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::112                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::113                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::114                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::115                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::116                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::117                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::118                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::119                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::120                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::121                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::122                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::123                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::124                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::125                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::126                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::127                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::128                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::129                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::130                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::131                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::132                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::133                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::134                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::135                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::136                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::137                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::138                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::139                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::140                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::141                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::142                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::143                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::144                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::145                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::146                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::147                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::148                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::149                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::150                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::151                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::152                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::153                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::154                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::155                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::156                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::157                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::158                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::159                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::160                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::161                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::162                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::163                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::164                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::165                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::166                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::167                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::168                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::169                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::170                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::171                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::172                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::173                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::174                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::175                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::176                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::177                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::178                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::179                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::180                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::181                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::182                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::183                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::184                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::185                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::186                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::187                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::188                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::189                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::190                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::191                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::192                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::193                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::194                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::195                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::196                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::197                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::198                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::199                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::200                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::201                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::202                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::203                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::204                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::205                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::206                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::207                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::208                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::209                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::210                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::211                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::212                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::213                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::214                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::215                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::216                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::217                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::218                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::219                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::220                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::221                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::222                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::223                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::224                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::225                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::226                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::227                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::228                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::229                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::230                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::231                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::232                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::233                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::234                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::235                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::236                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::237                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::238                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::239                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::240                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::241                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::242                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::243                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::244                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::245                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::246                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::247                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::248                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::249                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::250                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::251                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::252                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::253                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::254                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::255                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::256                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::257                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::258                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::259                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::260                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::261                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::262                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::263                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::264                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::265                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::266                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::267                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::268                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::269                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::270                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::271                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::272                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::273                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::total              0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::0                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::1                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::2                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::3                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::4                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::5                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::6                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::7                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::8                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::9                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::10                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::11                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::12                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::13                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::14                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::15                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::16                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::17                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::18                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::19                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::20                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::21                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::22                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::23                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::24                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::25                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::26                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::27                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::28                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::29                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::30                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::31                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::32                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::33                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::34                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::35                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::36                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::37                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::38                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::39                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::40                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::41                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::42                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::43                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::44                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::45                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::46                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::47                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::48                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::49                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::50                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::51                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::52                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::53                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::54                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::55                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::56                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::57                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::58                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::59                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::60                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::61                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::62                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::63                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::64                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::65                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::66                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::67                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::68                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::69                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::70                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::71                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::72                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::73                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::74                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::75                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::76                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::77                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::78                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::79                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::80                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::81                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::82                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::83                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::84                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::85                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::86                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::87                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::88                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::89                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::90                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::91                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::92                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::93                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::94                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::95                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::96                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::97                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::98                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::99                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::100                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::101                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::102                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::103                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::104                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::105                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::106                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::107                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::108                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::109                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::110                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::111                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::112                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::113                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::114                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::115                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::116                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::117                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::118                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::119                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::120                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::121                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::122                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::123                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::124                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::125                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::126                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::127                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::128                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::129                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::130                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::131                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::132                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::133                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::134                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::135                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::136                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::137                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::138                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::139                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::140                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::141                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::142                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::143                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::144                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::145                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::146                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::147                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::148                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::149                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::150                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::151                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::152                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::153                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::154                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::155                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::156                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::157                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::158                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::159                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::160                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::161                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::162                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::163                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::164                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::165                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::166                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::167                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::168                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::169                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::170                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::171                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::172                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::173                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::174                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::175                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::176                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::177                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::178                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::179                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::180                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::181                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::182                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::183                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::184                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::185                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::186                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::187                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::188                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::189                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::190                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::191                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::192                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::193                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::194                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::195                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::196                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::197                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::198                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::199                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::200                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::201                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::202                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::203                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::204                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::205                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::206                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::207                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::208                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::209                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::210                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::211                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::212                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::213                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::214                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::215                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::216                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::217                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::218                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::219                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::220                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::221                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::222                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::223                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::224                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::225                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::226                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::227                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::228                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::229                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::230                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::231                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::232                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::233                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::234                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::235                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::236                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::237                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::238                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::239                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::240                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::241                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::242                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::243                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::244                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::245                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::246                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::247                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::248                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::249                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::250                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::251                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::252                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::253                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::254                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::255                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::256                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::257                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::258                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::259                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::260                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::261                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::262                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::263                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::264                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::265                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::266                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::267                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::268                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::269                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::270                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::271                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::272                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::273                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::total              0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::0                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::1                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::2                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::3                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::4                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::5                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::6                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::7                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::8                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::9                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::10                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::11                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::12                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::13                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::14                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::15                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::16                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::17                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::18                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::19                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::20                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::21                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::22                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::23                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::24                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::25                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::26                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::27                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::28                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::29                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::30                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::31                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::32                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::33                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::34                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::35                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::36                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::37                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::38                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::39                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::40                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::41                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::42                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::43                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::44                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::45                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::46                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::47                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::48                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::49                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::50                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::51                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::52                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::53                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::54                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::55                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::56                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::57                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::58                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::59                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::60                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::61                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::62                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::63                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::64                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::65                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::66                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::67                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::68                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::69                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::70                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::71                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::72                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::73                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::74                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::75                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::76                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::77                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::78                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::79                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::80                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::81                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::82                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::83                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::84                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::85                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::86                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::87                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::88                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::89                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::90                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::91                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::92                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::93                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::94                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::95                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::96                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::97                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::98                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::99                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::100                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::101                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::102                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::103                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::104                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::105                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::106                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::107                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::108                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::109                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::110                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::111                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::112                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::113                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::114                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::115                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::116                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::117                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::118                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::119                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::120                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::121                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::122                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::123                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::124                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::125                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::126                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::127                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::128                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::129                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::130                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::131                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::132                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::133                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::134                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::135                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::136                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::137                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::138                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::139                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::140                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::141                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::142                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::143                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::144                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::145                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::146                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::147                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::148                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::149                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::150                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::151                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::152                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::153                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::154                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::155                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::156                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::157                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::158                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::159                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::160                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::161                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::162                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::163                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::164                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::165                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::166                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::167                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::168                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::169                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::170                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::171                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::172                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::173                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::174                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::175                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::176                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::177                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::178                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::179                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::180                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::181                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::182                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::183                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::184                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::185                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::186                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::187                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::188                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::189                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::190                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::191                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::192                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::193                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::194                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::195                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::196                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::197                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::198                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::199                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::200                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::201                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::202                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::203                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::204                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::205                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::206                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::207                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::208                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::209                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::210                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::211                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::212                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::213                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::214                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::215                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::216                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::217                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::218                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::219                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::220                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::221                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::222                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::223                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::224                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::225                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::226                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::227                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::228                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::229                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::230                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::231                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::232                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::233                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::234                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::235                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::236                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::237                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::238                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::239                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::240                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::241                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::242                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::243                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::244                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::245                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::246                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::247                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::248                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::249                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::250                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::251                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::252                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::253                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::254                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::255                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::256                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::257                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::258                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::259                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::260                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::261                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::262                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::263                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::264                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::265                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::266                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::267                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::268                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::269                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::270                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::271                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::272                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::273                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::total              0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::0                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::1                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::2                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::3                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::4                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::5                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::6                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::7                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::8                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::9                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::10               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::11               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::12               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::13               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::14               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::15               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::16               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::17               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::18               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::19               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::20               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::21               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::22               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::23               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::24               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::25               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::26               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::27               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::28               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::29               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::30               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::31               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::32               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::33               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::34               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::35               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::36               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::37               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::38               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::39               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::40               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::41               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::42               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::43               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::44               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::45               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::46               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::47               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::48               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::49               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::50               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::51               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::52               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::53               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::54               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::55               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::56               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::57               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::58               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::59               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::60               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::61               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::62               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::63               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::64               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::65               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::66               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::67               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::68               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::69               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::70               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::71               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::72               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::73               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::74               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::75               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::76               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::77               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::78               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::79               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::80               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::81               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::82               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::83               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::84               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::85               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::86               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::87               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::88               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::89               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::90               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::91               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::92               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::93               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::94               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::95               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::96               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::97               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::98               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::99               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::100              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::101              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::102              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::103              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::104              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::105              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::106              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::107              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::108              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::109              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::110              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::111              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::112              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::113              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::114              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::115              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::116              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::117              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::118              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::119              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::120              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::121              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::122              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::123              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::124              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::125              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::126              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::127              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::128              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::129              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::130              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::131              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::132              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::133              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::134              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::135              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::136              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::137              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::138              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::139              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::140              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::141              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::142              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::143              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::144              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::145              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::146              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::147              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::148              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::149              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::150              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::151              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::152              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::153              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::154              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::155              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::156              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::157              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::158              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::159              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::160              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::161              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::162              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::163              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::164              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::165              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::166              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::167              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::168              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::169              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::170              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::171              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::172              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::173              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::174              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::175              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::176              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::177              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::178              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::179              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::180              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::181              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::182              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::183              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::184              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::185              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::186              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::187              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::188              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::189              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::190              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::191              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::192              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::193              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::194              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::195              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::196              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::197              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::198              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::199              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::200              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::201              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::202              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::203              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::204              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::205              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::206              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::207              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::208              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::209              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::210              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::211              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::212              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::213              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::214              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::215              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::216              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::217              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::218              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::219              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::220              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::221              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::222              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::223              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::224              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::225              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::226              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::227              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::228              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::229              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::230              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::231              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::232              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::233              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::234              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::235              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::236              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::237              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::238              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::239              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::240              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::241              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::242              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::243              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::244              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::245              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::246              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::247              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::248              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::249              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::250              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::251              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::252              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::253              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::254              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::255              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::256              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::257              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::258              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::259              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::260              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::261              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::262              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::263              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::264              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::265              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::266              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::267              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::268              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::269              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::270              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::271              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::272              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::273              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::total            0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ranks                  0                       # Total number of eranks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_invalid_fill            0                       # Total number of total_invalid_fills.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::0                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::1                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::2                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::3                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::4                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::5                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::6                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::7                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::8                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::0                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::1                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::2                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::3                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::4                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::5                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::6                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::7                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::8                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::total              0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::0         811518303                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::1         134694801                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::2         229379310                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::3         374165026                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::total    1549757440                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::0     517643318                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::1     130499823                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::2     176489827                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::3     725124472                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::4             0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::total   1549757440                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.968455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           705865256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6053740                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            116.599863                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      33303683190456                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     1.086797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   495.237112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data    15.644547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.967260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.030556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        5702852196                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       5702852196                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 34880657362398                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    407040147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     72359368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       479399515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    188808820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     37655039                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      226463859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    595848967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data    110014407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        705863374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    595848967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data    110014407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       705863374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4069055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       905274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       4974336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       962395                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       299701                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1262097                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5031450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1204975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        6236433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5031450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1204975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       6236433                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       720612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 350666555094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  68669873388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 419337149094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       121545                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 114899148171                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  32970335748                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 147869605464                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data       842157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 465565703265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 101640209136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 567206754558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       842157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 465565703265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 101640209136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 567206754558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    411109202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     73264642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    484373851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    189771215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     37954740                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    227725956                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    600880417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data    111219382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    712099807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    600880417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data    111219382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    712099807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.012356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005071                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.007896                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005542                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.010834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.010834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 102944.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86178.868335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 75855.346987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84300.125503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data       121545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 119388.762588                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 110010.763221                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117161.838958                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 105269.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92531.119909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 84350.471284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90950.508818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 105269.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92531.119909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 84350.471284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90950.508818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     43885231                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            448721                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    97.800707                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::0                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::1                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::2                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::3                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::total                0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1733073                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1733073                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data        83019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        83021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data        98170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        98170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       181189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       181191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       181189                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       181191                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4069055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       822255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4891315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       962395                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       201531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1163927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5031450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1023786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6055242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5031450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1023786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6055242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       587412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 345246573834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  64025628948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 409272790194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       120213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 113617238031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  25392030323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 139009388567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       707625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 458863811865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  89417659271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 548282178761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       707625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 458863811865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  89417659271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 548282178761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.011223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005071                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.005310                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005111                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.009205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.009205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 117482.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84846.868335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 77865.904066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83673.365995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       120213                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 118056.762588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 125995.654877                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119431.363451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 117937.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91199.119909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 87340.185616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90546.699663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 117937.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91199.119909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 87340.185616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90546.699663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 34880657362398                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::0                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::1                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::2                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::3                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::4                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::5                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::6                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::7                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::8                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::9                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::10                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::11                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::12                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::13                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::14                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::15                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::16                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::17                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::18                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::19                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::20                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::21                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::22                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::23                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::24                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::25                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::26                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::27                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::28                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::29                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::30                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::31                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::32                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::33                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::34                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::35                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::36                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::37                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::38                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::39                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::40                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::41                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::42                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::43                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::44                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::45                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::46                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::47                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::48                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::49                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::50                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::51                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::52                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::53                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::54                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::55                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::56                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::57                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::58                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::59                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::60                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::61                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::62                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::63                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::64                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::65                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::66                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::67                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::68                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::69                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::70                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::71                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::72                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::73                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::74                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::75                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::76                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::77                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::78                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::79                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::80                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::81                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::82                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::83                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::84                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::85                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::86                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::87                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::88                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::89                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::90                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::91                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::92                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::93                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::94                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::95                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::96                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::97                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::98                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::99                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::100                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::101                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::102                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::103                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::104                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::105                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::106                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::107                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::108                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::109                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::110                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::111                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::112                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::113                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::114                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::115                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::116                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::117                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::118                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::119                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::120                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::121                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::122                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::123                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::124                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::125                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::126                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::127                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::128                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::129                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::130                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::131                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::132                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::133                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::134                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::135                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::136                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::137                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::138                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::139                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::140                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::141                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::142                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::143                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::144                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::145                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::146                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::147                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::148                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::149                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::150                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::151                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::152                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::153                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::154                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::155                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::156                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::157                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::158                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::159                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::160                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::161                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::162                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::163                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::164                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::165                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::166                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::167                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::168                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::169                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::170                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::171                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::172                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::173                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::174                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::175                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::176                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::177                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::178                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::179                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::180                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::181                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::182                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::183                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::184                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::185                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::186                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::187                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::188                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::189                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::190                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::191                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::192                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::193                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::194                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::195                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::196                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::197                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::198                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::199                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::200                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::201                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::202                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::203                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::204                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::205                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::206                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::207                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::208                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::209                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::210                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::211                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::212                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::213                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::214                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::215                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::216                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::217                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::218                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::219                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::220                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::221                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::222                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::223                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::224                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::225                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::226                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::227                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::228                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::229                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::230                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::231                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::232                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::233                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::234                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::235                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::236                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::237                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::238                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::239                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::240                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::241                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::242                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::243                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::244                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::245                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::246                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::247                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::248                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::249                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::250                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::251                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::252                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::253                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::254                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::255                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::256                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::257                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::258                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::259                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::260                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::261                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::262                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::263                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::264                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::265                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::266                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::267                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::268                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::269                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::270                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::271                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::272                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::273                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::total              0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::0                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::1                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::2                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::3                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::4                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::5                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::6                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::7                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::8                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::9                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::10                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::11                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::12                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::13                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::14                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::15                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::16                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::17                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::18                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::19                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::20                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::21                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::22                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::23                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::24                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::25                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::26                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::27                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::28                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::29                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::30                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::31                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::32                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::33                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::34                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::35                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::36                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::37                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::38                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::39                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::40                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::41                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::42                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::43                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::44                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::45                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::46                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::47                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::48                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::49                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::50                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::51                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::52                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::53                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::54                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::55                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::56                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::57                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::58                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::59                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::60                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::61                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::62                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::63                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::64                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::65                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::66                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::67                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::68                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::69                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::70                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::71                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::72                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::73                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::74                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::75                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::76                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::77                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::78                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::79                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::80                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::81                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::82                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::83                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::84                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::85                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::86                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::87                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::88                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::89                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::90                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::91                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::92                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::93                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::94                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::95                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::96                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::97                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::98                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::99                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::100                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::101                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::102                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::103                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::104                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::105                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::106                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::107                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::108                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::109                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::110                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::111                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::112                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::113                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::114                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::115                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::116                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::117                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::118                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::119                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::120                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::121                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::122                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::123                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::124                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::125                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::126                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::127                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::128                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::129                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::130                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::131                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::132                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::133                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::134                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::135                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::136                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::137                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::138                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::139                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::140                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::141                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::142                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::143                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::144                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::145                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::146                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::147                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::148                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::149                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::150                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::151                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::152                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::153                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::154                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::155                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::156                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::157                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::158                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::159                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::160                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::161                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::162                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::163                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::164                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::165                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::166                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::167                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::168                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::169                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::170                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::171                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::172                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::173                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::174                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::175                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::176                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::177                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::178                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::179                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::180                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::181                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::182                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::183                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::184                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::185                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::186                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::187                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::188                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::189                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::190                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::191                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::192                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::193                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::194                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::195                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::196                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::197                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::198                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::199                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::200                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::201                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::202                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::203                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::204                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::205                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::206                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::207                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::208                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::209                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::210                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::211                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::212                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::213                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::214                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::215                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::216                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::217                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::218                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::219                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::220                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::221                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::222                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::223                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::224                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::225                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::226                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::227                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::228                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::229                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::230                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::231                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::232                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::233                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::234                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::235                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::236                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::237                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::238                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::239                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::240                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::241                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::242                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::243                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::244                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::245                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::246                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::247                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::248                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::249                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::250                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::251                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::252                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::253                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::254                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::255                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::256                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::257                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::258                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::259                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::260                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::261                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::262                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::263                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::264                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::265                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::266                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::267                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::268                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::269                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::270                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::271                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::272                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::273                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::total              0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::0                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::1                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::2                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::3                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::4                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::5                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::6                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::7                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::8                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::9                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::10                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::11                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::12                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::13                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::14                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::15                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::16                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::17                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::18                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::19                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::20                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::21                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::22                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::23                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::24                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::25                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::26                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::27                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::28                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::29                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::30                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::31                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::32                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::33                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::34                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::35                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::36                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::37                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::38                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::39                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::40                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::41                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::42                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::43                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::44                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::45                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::46                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::47                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::48                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::49                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::50                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::51                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::52                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::53                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::54                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::55                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::56                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::57                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::58                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::59                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::60                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::61                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::62                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::63                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::64                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::65                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::66                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::67                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::68                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::69                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::70                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::71                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::72                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::73                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::74                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::75                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::76                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::77                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::78                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::79                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::80                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::81                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::82                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::83                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::84                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::85                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::86                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::87                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::88                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::89                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::90                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::91                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::92                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::93                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::94                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::95                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::96                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::97                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::98                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::99                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::100                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::101                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::102                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::103                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::104                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::105                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::106                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::107                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::108                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::109                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::110                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::111                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::112                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::113                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::114                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::115                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::116                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::117                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::118                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::119                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::120                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::121                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::122                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::123                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::124                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::125                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::126                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::127                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::128                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::129                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::130                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::131                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::132                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::133                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::134                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::135                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::136                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::137                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::138                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::139                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::140                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::141                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::142                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::143                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::144                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::145                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::146                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::147                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::148                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::149                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::150                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::151                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::152                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::153                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::154                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::155                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::156                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::157                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::158                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::159                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::160                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::161                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::162                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::163                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::164                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::165                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::166                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::167                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::168                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::169                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::170                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::171                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::172                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::173                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::174                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::175                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::176                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::177                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::178                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::179                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::180                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::181                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::182                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::183                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::184                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::185                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::186                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::187                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::188                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::189                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::190                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::191                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::192                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::193                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::194                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::195                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::196                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::197                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::198                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::199                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::200                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::201                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::202                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::203                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::204                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::205                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::206                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::207                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::208                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::209                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::210                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::211                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::212                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::213                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::214                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::215                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::216                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::217                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::218                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::219                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::220                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::221                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::222                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::223                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::224                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::225                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::226                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::227                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::228                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::229                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::230                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::231                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::232                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::233                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::234                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::235                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::236                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::237                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::238                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::239                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::240                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::241                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::242                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::243                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::244                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::245                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::246                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::247                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::248                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::249                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::250                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::251                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::252                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::253                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::254                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::255                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::256                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::257                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::258                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::259                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::260                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::261                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::262                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::263                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::264                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::265                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::266                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::267                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::268                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::269                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::270                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::271                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::272                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::273                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::total              0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::0                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::1                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::2                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::3                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::4                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::5                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::6                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::7                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::8                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::9                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::10                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::11                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::12                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::13                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::14                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::15                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::16                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::17                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::18                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::19                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::20                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::21                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::22                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::23                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::24                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::25                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::26                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::27                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::28                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::29                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::30                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::31                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::32                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::33                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::34                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::35                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::36                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::37                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::38                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::39                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::40                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::41                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::42                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::43                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::44                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::45                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::46                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::47                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::48                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::49                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::50                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::51                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::52                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::53                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::54                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::55                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::56                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::57                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::58                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::59                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::60                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::61                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::62                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::63                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::64                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::65                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::66                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::67                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::68                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::69                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::70                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::71                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::72                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::73                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::74                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::75                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::76                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::77                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::78                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::79                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::80                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::81                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::82                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::83                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::84                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::85                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::86                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::87                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::88                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::89                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::90                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::91                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::92                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::93                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::94                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::95                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::96                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::97                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::98                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::99                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::100                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::101                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::102                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::103                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::104                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::105                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::106                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::107                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::108                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::109                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::110                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::111                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::112                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::113                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::114                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::115                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::116                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::117                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::118                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::119                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::120                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::121                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::122                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::123                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::124                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::125                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::126                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::127                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::128                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::129                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::130                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::131                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::132                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::133                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::134                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::135                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::136                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::137                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::138                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::139                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::140                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::141                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::142                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::143                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::144                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::145                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::146                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::147                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::148                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::149                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::150                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::151                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::152                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::153                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::154                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::155                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::156                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::157                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::158                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::159                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::160                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::161                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::162                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::163                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::164                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::165                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::166                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::167                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::168                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::169                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::170                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::171                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::172                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::173                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::174                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::175                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::176                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::177                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::178                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::179                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::180                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::181                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::182                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::183                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::184                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::185                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::186                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::187                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::188                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::189                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::190                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::191                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::192                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::193                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::194                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::195                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::196                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::197                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::198                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::199                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::200                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::201                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::202                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::203                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::204                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::205                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::206                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::207                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::208                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::209                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::210                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::211                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::212                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::213                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::214                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::215                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::216                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::217                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::218                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::219                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::220                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::221                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::222                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::223                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::224                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::225                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::226                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::227                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::228                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::229                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::230                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::231                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::232                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::233                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::234                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::235                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::236                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::237                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::238                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::239                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::240                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::241                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::242                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::243                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::244                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::245                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::246                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::247                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::248                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::249                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::250                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::251                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::252                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::253                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::254                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::255                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::256                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::257                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::258                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::259                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::260                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::261                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::262                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::263                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::264                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::265                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::266                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::267                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::268                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::269                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::270                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::271                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::272                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::273                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::total              0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::0                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::1                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::2                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::3                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::4                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::5                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::6                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::7                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::8                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::9                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::10               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::11               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::12               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::13               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::14               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::15               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::16               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::17               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::18               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::19               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::20               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::21               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::22               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::23               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::24               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::25               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::26               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::27               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::28               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::29               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::30               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::31               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::32               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::33               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::34               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::35               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::36               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::37               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::38               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::39               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::40               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::41               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::42               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::43               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::44               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::45               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::46               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::47               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::48               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::49               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::50               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::51               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::52               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::53               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::54               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::55               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::56               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::57               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::58               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::59               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::60               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::61               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::62               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::63               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::64               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::65               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::66               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::67               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::68               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::69               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::70               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::71               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::72               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::73               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::74               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::75               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::76               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::77               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::78               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::79               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::80               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::81               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::82               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::83               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::84               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::85               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::86               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::87               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::88               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::89               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::90               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::91               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::92               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::93               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::94               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::95               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::96               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::97               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::98               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::99               0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::100              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::101              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::102              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::103              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::104              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::105              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::106              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::107              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::108              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::109              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::110              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::111              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::112              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::113              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::114              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::115              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::116              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::117              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::118              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::119              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::120              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::121              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::122              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::123              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::124              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::125              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::126              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::127              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::128              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::129              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::130              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::131              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::132              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::133              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::134              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::135              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::136              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::137              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::138              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::139              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::140              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::141              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::142              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::143              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::144              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::145              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::146              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::147              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::148              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::149              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::150              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::151              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::152              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::153              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::154              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::155              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::156              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::157              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::158              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::159              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::160              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::161              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::162              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::163              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::164              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::165              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::166              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::167              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::168              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::169              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::170              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::171              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::172              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::173              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::174              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::175              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::176              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::177              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::178              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::179              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::180              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::181              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::182              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::183              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::184              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::185              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::186              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::187              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::188              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::189              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::190              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::191              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::192              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::193              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::194              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::195              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::196              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::197              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::198              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::199              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::200              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::201              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::202              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::203              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::204              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::205              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::206              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::207              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::208              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::209              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::210              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::211              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::212              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::213              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::214              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::215              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::216              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::217              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::218              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::219              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::220              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::221              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::222              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::223              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::224              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::225              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::226              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::227              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::228              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::229              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::230              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::231              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::232              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::233              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::234              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::235              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::236              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::237              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::238              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::239              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::240              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::241              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::242              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::243              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::244              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::245              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::246              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::247              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::248              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::249              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::250              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::251              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::252              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::253              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::254              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::255              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::256              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::257              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::258              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::259              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::260              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::261              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::262              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::263              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::264              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::265              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::266              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::267              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::268              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::269              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::270              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::271              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::272              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::273              0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::total            0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ranks                  0                       # Total number of eranks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_invalid_fill            0                       # Total number of total_invalid_fills.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::0                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::1                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::2                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::3                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::4                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::5                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::6                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::7                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::8                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::0                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::1                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::2                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::3                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::4                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::5                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::6                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::7                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::8                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::total              0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::0             23663                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::1             15678                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::2             11011                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::3             15440                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::total         65792                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::0         21639                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::1         14607                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::2          9262                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::3         20284                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::4             0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::total        65792                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           254.922012                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1012787505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          3940807.412451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     3.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   251.893420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.028593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.491979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.497895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.501953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        8102302377                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       8102302377                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 34880657362398                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1000029994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     12757511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1012787505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1000029994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     12757511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1012787505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1000029994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     12757511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1012787505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           260                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       466866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29643660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       246420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30356946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst       466866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29643660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       246420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     30356946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       466866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29643660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       246420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     30356946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1000030247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     12757514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1012787765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1000030247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     12757514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1012787765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1000030247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     12757514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1012787765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 116716.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 117168.616601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst        82140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116757.484615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 116716.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 117168.616601                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst        82140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116757.484615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 116716.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 117168.616601                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst        82140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116757.484615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::0                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::1                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::2                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::3                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::total                0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       344322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29306664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       132534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29783520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       344322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29306664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       132534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     29783520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       344322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29306664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       132534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     29783520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       114774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 115836.616601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       132534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115889.182879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       114774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 115836.616601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       132534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115889.182879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       114774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 115836.616601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       132534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115889.182879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 34880657362398                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2.tags.replacements               3984919                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::0                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::1                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::2                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::3                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::4                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::5                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::6                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::7                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::8                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::9                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::10                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::11                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::12                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::13                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::14                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::15                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::16                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::17                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::18                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::19                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::20                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::21                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::22                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::23                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::24                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::25                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::26                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::27                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::28                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::29                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::30                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::31                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::32                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::33                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::34                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::35                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::36                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::37                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::38                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::39                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::40                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::41                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::42                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::43                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::44                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::45                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::46                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::47                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::48                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::49                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::50                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::51                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::52                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::53                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::54                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::55                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::56                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::57                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::58                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::59                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::60                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::61                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::62                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::63                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::64                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::65                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::66                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::67                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::68                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::69                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::70                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::71                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::72                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::73                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::74                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::75                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::76                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::77                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::78                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::79                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::80                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::81                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::82                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::83                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::84                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::85                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::86                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::87                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::88                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::89                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::90                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::91                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::92                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::93                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::94                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::95                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::96                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::97                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::98                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::99                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::100                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::101                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::102                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::103                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::104                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::105                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::106                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::107                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::108                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::109                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::110                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::111                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::112                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::113                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::114                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::115                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::116                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::117                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::118                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::119                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::120                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::121                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::122                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::123                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::124                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::125                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::126                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::127                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::128                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::129                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::130                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::131                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::132                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::133                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::134                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::135                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::136                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::137                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::138                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::139                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::140                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::141                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::142                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::143                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::144                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::145                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::146                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::147                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::148                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::149                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::150                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::151                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::152                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::153                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::154                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::155                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::156                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::157                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::158                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::159                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::160                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::161                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::162                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::163                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::164                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::165                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::166                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::167                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::168                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::169                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::170                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::171                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::172                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::173                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::174                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::175                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::176                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::177                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::178                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::179                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::180                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::181                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::182                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::183                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::184                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::185                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::186                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::187                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::188                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::189                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::190                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::191                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::192                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::193                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::194                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::195                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::196                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::197                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::198                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::199                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::200                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::201                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::202                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::203                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::204                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::205                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::206                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::207                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::208                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::209                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::210                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::211                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::212                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::213                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::214                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::215                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::216                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::217                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::218                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::219                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::220                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::221                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::222                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::223                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::224                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::225                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::226                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::227                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::228                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::229                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::230                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::231                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::232                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::233                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::234                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::235                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::236                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::237                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::238                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::239                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::240                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::241                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::242                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::243                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::244                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::245                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::246                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::247                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::248                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::249                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::250                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::251                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::252                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::253                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::254                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::255                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::256                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::257                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::258                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::259                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::260                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::261                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::262                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::263                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::264                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::265                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::266                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::267                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::268                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::269                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::270                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::271                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::272                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::273                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::total                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::0                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::1                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::2                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::3                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::4                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::5                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::6                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::7                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::8                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::9                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::10                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::11                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::12                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::13                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::14                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::15                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::16                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::17                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::18                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::19                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::20                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::21                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::22                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::23                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::24                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::25                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::26                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::27                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::28                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::29                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::30                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::31                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::32                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::33                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::34                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::35                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::36                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::37                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::38                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::39                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::40                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::41                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::42                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::43                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::44                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::45                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::46                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::47                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::48                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::49                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::50                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::51                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::52                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::53                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::54                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::55                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::56                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::57                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::58                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::59                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::60                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::61                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::62                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::63                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::64                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::65                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::66                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::67                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::68                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::69                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::70                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::71                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::72                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::73                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::74                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::75                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::76                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::77                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::78                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::79                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::80                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::81                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::82                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::83                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::84                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::85                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::86                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::87                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::88                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::89                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::90                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::91                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::92                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::93                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::94                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::95                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::96                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::97                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::98                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::99                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::100                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::101                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::102                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::103                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::104                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::105                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::106                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::107                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::108                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::109                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::110                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::111                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::112                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::113                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::114                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::115                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::116                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::117                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::118                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::119                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::120                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::121                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::122                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::123                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::124                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::125                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::126                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::127                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::128                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::129                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::130                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::131                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::132                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::133                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::134                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::135                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::136                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::137                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::138                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::139                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::140                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::141                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::142                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::143                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::144                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::145                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::146                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::147                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::148                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::149                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::150                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::151                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::152                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::153                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::154                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::155                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::156                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::157                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::158                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::159                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::160                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::161                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::162                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::163                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::164                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::165                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::166                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::167                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::168                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::169                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::170                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::171                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::172                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::173                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::174                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::175                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::176                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::177                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::178                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::179                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::180                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::181                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::182                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::183                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::184                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::185                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::186                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::187                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::188                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::189                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::190                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::191                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::192                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::193                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::194                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::195                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::196                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::197                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::198                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::199                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::200                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::201                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::202                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::203                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::204                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::205                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::206                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::207                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::208                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::209                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::210                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::211                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::212                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::213                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::214                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::215                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::216                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::217                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::218                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::219                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::220                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::221                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::222                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::223                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::224                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::225                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::226                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::227                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::228                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::229                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::230                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::231                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::232                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::233                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::234                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::235                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::236                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::237                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::238                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::239                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::240                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::241                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::242                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::243                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::244                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::245                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::246                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::247                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::248                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::249                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::250                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::251                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::252                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::253                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::254                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::255                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::256                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::257                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::258                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::259                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::260                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::261                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::262                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::263                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::264                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::265                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::266                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::267                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::268                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::269                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::270                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::271                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::272                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::273                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::total                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::0                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::1                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::2                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::3                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::4                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::5                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::6                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::7                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::8                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::9                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::10                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::11                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::12                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::13                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::14                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::15                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::16                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::17                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::18                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::19                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::20                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::21                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::22                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::23                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::24                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::25                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::26                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::27                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::28                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::29                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::30                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::31                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::32                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::33                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::34                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::35                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::36                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::37                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::38                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::39                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::40                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::41                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::42                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::43                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::44                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::45                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::46                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::47                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::48                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::49                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::50                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::51                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::52                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::53                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::54                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::55                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::56                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::57                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::58                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::59                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::60                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::61                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::62                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::63                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::64                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::65                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::66                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::67                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::68                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::69                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::70                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::71                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::72                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::73                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::74                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::75                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::76                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::77                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::78                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::79                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::80                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::81                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::82                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::83                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::84                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::85                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::86                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::87                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::88                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::89                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::90                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::91                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::92                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::93                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::94                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::95                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::96                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::97                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::98                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::99                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::100                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::101                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::102                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::103                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::104                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::105                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::106                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::107                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::108                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::109                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::110                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::111                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::112                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::113                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::114                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::115                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::116                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::117                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::118                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::119                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::120                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::121                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::122                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::123                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::124                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::125                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::126                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::127                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::128                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::129                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::130                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::131                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::132                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::133                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::134                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::135                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::136                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::137                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::138                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::139                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::140                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::141                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::142                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::143                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::144                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::145                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::146                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::147                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::148                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::149                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::150                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::151                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::152                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::153                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::154                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::155                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::156                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::157                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::158                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::159                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::160                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::161                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::162                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::163                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::164                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::165                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::166                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::167                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::168                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::169                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::170                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::171                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::172                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::173                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::174                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::175                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::176                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::177                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::178                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::179                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::180                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::181                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::182                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::183                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::184                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::185                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::186                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::187                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::188                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::189                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::190                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::191                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::192                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::193                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::194                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::195                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::196                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::197                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::198                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::199                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::200                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::201                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::202                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::203                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::204                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::205                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::206                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::207                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::208                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::209                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::210                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::211                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::212                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::213                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::214                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::215                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::216                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::217                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::218                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::219                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::220                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::221                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::222                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::223                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::224                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::225                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::226                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::227                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::228                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::229                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::230                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::231                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::232                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::233                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::234                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::235                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::236                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::237                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::238                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::239                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::240                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::241                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::242                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::243                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::244                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::245                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::246                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::247                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::248                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::249                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::250                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::251                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::252                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::253                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::254                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::255                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::256                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::257                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::258                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::259                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::260                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::261                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::262                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::263                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::264                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::265                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::266                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::267                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::268                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::269                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::270                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::271                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::272                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::273                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::total                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::0                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::1                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::2                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::3                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::4                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::5                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::6                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::7                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::8                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::9                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::10                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::11                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::12                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::13                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::14                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::15                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::16                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::17                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::18                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::19                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::20                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::21                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::22                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::23                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::24                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::25                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::26                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::27                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::28                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::29                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::30                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::31                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::32                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::33                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::34                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::35                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::36                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::37                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::38                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::39                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::40                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::41                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::42                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::43                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::44                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::45                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::46                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::47                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::48                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::49                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::50                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::51                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::52                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::53                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::54                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::55                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::56                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::57                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::58                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::59                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::60                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::61                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::62                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::63                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::64                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::65                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::66                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::67                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::68                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::69                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::70                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::71                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::72                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::73                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::74                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::75                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::76                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::77                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::78                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::79                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::80                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::81                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::82                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::83                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::84                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::85                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::86                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::87                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::88                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::89                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::90                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::91                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::92                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::93                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::94                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::95                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::96                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::97                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::98                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::99                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::100                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::101                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::102                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::103                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::104                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::105                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::106                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::107                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::108                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::109                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::110                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::111                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::112                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::113                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::114                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::115                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::116                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::117                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::118                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::119                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::120                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::121                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::122                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::123                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::124                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::125                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::126                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::127                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::128                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::129                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::130                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::131                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::132                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::133                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::134                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::135                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::136                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::137                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::138                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::139                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::140                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::141                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::142                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::143                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::144                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::145                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::146                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::147                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::148                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::149                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::150                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::151                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::152                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::153                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::154                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::155                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::156                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::157                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::158                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::159                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::160                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::161                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::162                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::163                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::164                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::165                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::166                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::167                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::168                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::169                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::170                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::171                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::172                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::173                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::174                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::175                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::176                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::177                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::178                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::179                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::180                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::181                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::182                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::183                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::184                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::185                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::186                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::187                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::188                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::189                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::190                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::191                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::192                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::193                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::194                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::195                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::196                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::197                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::198                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::199                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::200                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::201                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::202                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::203                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::204                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::205                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::206                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::207                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::208                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::209                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::210                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::211                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::212                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::213                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::214                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::215                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::216                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::217                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::218                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::219                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::220                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::221                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::222                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::223                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::224                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::225                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::226                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::227                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::228                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::229                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::230                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::231                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::232                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::233                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::234                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::235                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::236                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::237                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::238                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::239                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::240                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::241                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::242                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::243                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::244                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::245                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::246                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::247                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::248                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::249                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::250                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::251                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::252                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::253                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::254                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::255                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::256                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::257                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::258                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::259                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::260                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::261                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::262                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::263                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::264                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::265                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::266                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::267                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::268                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::269                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::270                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::271                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::272                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::273                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::total                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::0                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::1                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::2                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::3                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::4                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::5                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::6                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::7                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::8                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::9                    0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::10                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::11                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::12                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::13                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::14                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::15                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::16                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::17                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::18                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::19                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::20                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::21                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::22                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::23                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::24                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::25                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::26                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::27                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::28                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::29                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::30                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::31                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::32                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::33                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::34                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::35                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::36                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::37                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::38                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::39                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::40                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::41                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::42                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::43                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::44                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::45                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::46                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::47                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::48                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::49                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::50                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::51                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::52                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::53                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::54                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::55                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::56                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::57                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::58                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::59                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::60                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::61                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::62                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::63                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::64                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::65                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::66                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::67                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::68                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::69                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::70                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::71                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::72                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::73                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::74                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::75                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::76                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::77                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::78                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::79                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::80                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::81                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::82                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::83                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::84                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::85                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::86                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::87                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::88                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::89                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::90                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::91                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::92                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::93                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::94                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::95                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::96                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::97                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::98                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::99                   0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::100                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::101                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::102                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::103                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::104                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::105                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::106                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::107                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::108                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::109                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::110                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::111                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::112                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::113                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::114                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::115                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::116                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::117                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::118                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::119                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::120                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::121                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::122                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::123                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::124                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::125                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::126                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::127                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::128                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::129                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::130                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::131                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::132                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::133                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::134                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::135                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::136                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::137                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::138                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::139                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::140                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::141                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::142                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::143                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::144                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::145                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::146                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::147                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::148                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::149                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::150                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::151                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::152                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::153                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::154                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::155                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::156                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::157                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::158                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::159                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::160                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::161                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::162                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::163                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::164                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::165                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::166                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::167                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::168                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::169                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::170                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::171                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::172                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::173                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::174                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::175                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::176                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::177                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::178                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::179                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::180                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::181                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::182                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::183                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::184                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::185                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::186                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::187                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::188                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::189                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::190                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::191                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::192                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::193                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::194                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::195                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::196                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::197                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::198                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::199                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::200                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::201                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::202                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::203                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::204                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::205                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::206                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::207                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::208                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::209                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::210                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::211                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::212                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::213                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::214                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::215                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::216                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::217                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::218                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::219                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::220                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::221                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::222                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::223                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::224                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::225                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::226                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::227                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::228                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::229                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::230                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::231                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::232                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::233                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::234                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::235                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::236                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::237                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::238                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::239                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::240                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::241                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::242                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::243                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::244                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::245                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::246                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::247                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::248                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::249                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::250                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::251                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::252                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::253                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::254                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::255                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::256                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::257                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::258                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::259                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::260                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::261                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::262                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::263                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::264                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::265                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::266                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::267                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::268                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::269                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::270                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::271                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::272                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::273                  0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::total                0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ranks                      0                       # Total number of eranks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_invalid_fill               0                       # Total number of total_invalid_fills.
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::0                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::1                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::2                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::3                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::4                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::5                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::6                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::7                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::8                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::0                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::1                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::2                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::3                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::4                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::5                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::6                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::7                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::8                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::total                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::0             724875878                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::1             115121199                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::2             181318543                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::3             297835740                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::4                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::total        1319151360                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::0         458181642                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::1         107834792                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::2         138318285                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::3         614816641                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::total    1319151360                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.tagsinuse              4065.582463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_refs                 6754925                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.sampled_refs               3989002                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_refs                  1.693387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   665.215318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.007690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.014830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.504108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  3303.622015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data    96.218441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.162406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.806548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.023491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4083                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1098                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2890                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996826                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.tag_accesses             102022799                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2.tags.data_accesses            102022799                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 34880657362398                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1733073                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1733073                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1390                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data          118                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1508                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6286                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data         1294                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              7580                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1712850                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       351814                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       2064664                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      1719136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       353108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::total              2072244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1719136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       353108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::total             2072244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       954719                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       200125                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total         1154845                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          257                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2356205                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       470441                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      2826651                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3310924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       670566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::total            3981753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3310924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       670566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::total           3981753                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       119214                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 112602127158                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  25123545972                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 137725792344                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       341325                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29053917                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       131535                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     29526777                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       581418                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 329203627839                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  60650839116                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 389855048373                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst       341325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data       700632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29053917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 441805754997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       131535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  85774385088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::total 527610367494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       341325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       700632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29053917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 441805754997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       131535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  85774385088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::total 527610367494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1733073                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1733073                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1390                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data          118                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1508                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       961005                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       201419                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total       1162425                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          257                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4069055                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       822255                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4891315                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5030060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      1023674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::total          6053997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5030060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      1023674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::total         6053997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993459                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.993576                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.993479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.579055                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.572135                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.577892                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.658228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.655058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::total        0.657706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.658228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.655058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::total       0.657706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data       119214                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 117942.690109                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 125539.267818                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119259.114724                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       113775                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 114837.616601                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       131535                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114890.182879                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 116283.600000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 139717.735867                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 128923.370021                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 137921.182478                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       113775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data       116772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 114837.616601                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 133438.808924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       131535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 127913.412085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132507.055936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst       113775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data       116772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 114837.616601                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 133438.808924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       131535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 127913.412085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132507.055936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::0                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::1                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::2                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::3                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::total                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.writebacks::writebacks          1481818                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2.writebacks::total               1481818                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       200873                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total       200873                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       954719                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       200125                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total      1154845                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          257                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2356205                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       470441                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2826651                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3310924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       670566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       3981753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3310924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       670566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total      3981753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       105894                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  99885270078                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  22457880972                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 122343256944                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       301365                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     25683957                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       118215                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26103537                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       514818                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 297818977239                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  54384564996                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 352204057053                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       301365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       620712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     25683957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 397704247317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       118215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  76842445968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 474573417534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       301365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       620712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     25683957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 397704247317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       118215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  76842445968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 474573417534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.993576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.579055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.572135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.658228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.655058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.658228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.655058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       105894                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104622.690109                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 112219.267818                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105939.114724                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       100455                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 101517.616601                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       118215                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101570.182879                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 102963.600000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 126397.735867                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 115603.370021                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124601.182478                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       100455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       103452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 101517.616601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 120118.808924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       118215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 114593.412085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119187.055936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       100455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       103452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 101517.616601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 120118.808924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       118215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 114593.412085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119187.055936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     12108733                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6054736                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       250399                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       250399                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 34880657362398                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       4891572                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3214891                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      7092611                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1508                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1508                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      1162425                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1162425                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          257                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4891315                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side          514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side     18163724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          18164238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side        16448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side    498356032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          498372480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoops                     4254274                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoopTraffic              94836352                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples     10309779                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.024288                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.153940                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0           10059380     97.57%     97.57% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1             250399      2.43%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total       10309779                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     5186434707                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        256743                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    6048188424                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 34880657362398                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                   3188492                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::0                  324345556                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::1                      12291                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::2                      46549                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::3                       6338                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::4                      25503                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::5                      10518                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::6                      15513                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::7                       1534                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::8                       2830                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::9                        302                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::10                       593                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::11                       499                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::12                      5230                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::13                     21391                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::14                    118364                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::15                    213496                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::16                    402133                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::17                   5614772                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::18                     46404                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::19                     29403                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::20                     38621                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::21                     32149                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::22                     55727                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::23                     13450                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::24                     14878                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::25                      1801                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::26                      1490                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::27                      4251                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::28                     24206                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::29                    138223                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::30                    641132                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::31                   1576572                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::32                   1717590                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::33                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::34                   9388256                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::35                     43022                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::36                     78699                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::37                     43891                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::38                     76853                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::39                     24668                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::40                     30844                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::41                      3878                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::42                      4708                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::43                     10156                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::44                     65545                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::45                    379030                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::46                   1778847                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::47                   4596304                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::48                   3780106                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::49                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::50                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::51                   5847152                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::52                     84720                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::53                     71539                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::54                     70727                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::55                     34178                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::56                     45140                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::57                     10359                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::58                     11882                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::59                     22502                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::60                     88590                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::61                    529288                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::62                   2623348                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::63                   6748806                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::64                   4166937                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::65                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::66                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::67                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::68                   8160095                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::69                     96608                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::70                     98418                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::71                     40654                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::72                     44351                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::73                     23924                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::74                     26630                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::75                     34349                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::76                    120207                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::77                    480609                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::78                   2332923                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::79                   5668293                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::80                   2698819                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::81                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::82                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::83                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::84                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::85                   6943325                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::86                    111066                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::87                     60805                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::88                     51467                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::89                     35577                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::90                     49150                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::91                     67952                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::92                    141829                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::93                    462436                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::94                   1477214                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::95                   3112332                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::96                    991440                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::97                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::98                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::99                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::100                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::101                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::102                  6411587                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::103                    79588                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::104                    77955                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::105                    57122                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::106                    83159                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::107                   129609                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::108                   224016                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::109                   430547                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::110                  1013403                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::111                  1247110                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::112                   237077                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::113                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::114                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::115                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::116                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::117                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::118                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::119                  3888124                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::120                    86997                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::121                    93195                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::122                   111039                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::123                   200914                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::124                   337414                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::125                   501399                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::126                   650556                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::127                   508430                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::128                    49496                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::129                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::130                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::131                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::132                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::133                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::134                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::135                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::136                  4439537                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::137                   107527                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::138                   175298                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::139                   225698                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::140                   440969                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::141                   593200                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::142                   514938                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::143                   200835                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::144                    12328                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::145                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::146                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::147                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::148                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::149                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::150                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::151                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::152                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::153                  4958076                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::154                   164411                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::155                   327657                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::156                   436810                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::157                   598307                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::158                   440373                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::159                    87714                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::160                     6768                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::161                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::162                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::163                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::164                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::165                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::166                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::167                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::168                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::169                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::170                  9503503                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::171                   278342                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::172                   529776                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::173                   503303                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::174                   339505                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::175                    46713                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::176                     6491                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::177                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::178                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::179                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::180                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::181                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::182                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::183                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::184                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::185                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::186                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::187                 15228545                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::188                   416249                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::189                   496046                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::190                   202249                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::191                    27333                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::192                     4792                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::193                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::194                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::195                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::196                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::197                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::198                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::199                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::200                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::201                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::202                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::203                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::204                 20056807                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::205                   299048                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::206                   148565                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::207                    14011                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::208                     4311                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::209                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::210                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::211                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::212                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::213                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::214                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::215                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::216                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::217                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::218                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::219                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::220                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::221                 12412927                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::222                    58418                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::223                    11660                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::224                     2253                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::225                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::226                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::227                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::228                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::229                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::230                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::231                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::232                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::233                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::234                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::235                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::236                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::237                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::238                  2746196                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::239                     6087                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::240                     3119                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::241                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::242                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::243                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::244                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::245                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::246                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::247                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::248                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::249                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::250                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::251                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::252                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::253                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::254                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::255                   212514                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::256                     1012                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::257                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::258                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::259                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::260                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::261                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::262                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::263                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::264                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::265                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::266                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::267                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::268                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::269                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::270                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::271                203380802                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::272                    26330                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::273                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::total              706285847                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::0                     670914                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::1                       1141                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::2                       2276                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::3                        620                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::4                       2522                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::5                       1643                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::6                       2459                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::7                        325                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::8                        708                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::9                         94                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::10                       434                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::11                       375                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::12                      5041                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::13                     20775                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::14                    114106                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::15                    202010                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::16                    381236                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::17                    421670                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::18                      4033                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::19                      3311                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::20                      4325                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::21                      5169                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::22                      9190                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::23                      3214                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::24                      3968                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::25                       810                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::26                      1005                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::27                      3779                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::28                     22647                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::29                    132428                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::30                    609447                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::31                   1498499                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::32                   1632687                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::33                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::34                    746708                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::35                      6415                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::36                     10075                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::37                      7591                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::38                     12821                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::39                      6037                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::40                      7909                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::41                      1796                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::42                      2961                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::43                      9347                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::44                     60924                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::45                    361732                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::46                   1699478                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::47                   4380877                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::48                   3589671                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::49                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::50                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::51                    800898                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::52                     14704                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::53                     13295                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::54                     13355                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::55                      8998                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::56                     12590                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::57                      5203                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::58                      8011                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::59                     19872                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::60                     85338                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::61                    507372                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::62                   2505704                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::63                   6443957                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::64                   3965236                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::65                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::66                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::67                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::68                   1296189                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::69                     22589                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::70                     21767                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::71                     12273                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::72                     15467                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::73                     13644                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::74                     19384                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::75                     31746                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::76                    113919                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::77                    463012                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::78                   2230458                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::79                   5410017                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::80                   2571045                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::81                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::82                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::83                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::84                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::85                   1427281                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::86                     29246                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::87                     21844                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::88                     20401                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::89                     23662                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::90                     38350                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::91                     62353                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::92                    135228                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::93                    445330                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::94                   1418510                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::95                   2977690                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::96                    945715                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::97                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::98                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::99                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::100                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::101                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::102                  1654267                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::103                    29272                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::104                    37577                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::105                    37263                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::106                    68951                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::107                   120622                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::108                   214812                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::109                   415831                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::110                   974345                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::111                  1197464                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::112                   226946                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::113                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::114                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::115                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::116                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::117                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::118                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::119                  1436721                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::120                    44862                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::121                    64620                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::122                    92974                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::123                   188787                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::124                   326156                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::125                   488620                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::126                   630234                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::127                   492249                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::128                    46971                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::129                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::130                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::131                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::132                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::133                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::134                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::135                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::136                  2435546                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::137                    78791                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::138                   150571                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::139                   211990                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::140                   425962                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::141                   580642                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::142                   504195                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::143                   195067                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::144                    11996                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::145                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::146                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::147                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::148                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::149                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::150                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::151                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::152                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::153                  3863972                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::154                   143669                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::155                   309800                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::156                   420069                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::157                   584410                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::158                   429232                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::159                    85037                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::160                     6738                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::161                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::162                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::163                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::164                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::165                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::166                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::167                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::168                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::169                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::170                  8466025                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::171                   262868                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::172                   509704                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::173                   489836                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::174                   330827                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::175                    45562                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::176                     6412                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::177                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::178                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::179                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::180                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::181                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::182                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::183                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::184                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::185                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::186                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::187                 14145866                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::188                   397011                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::189                   478119                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::190                   196946                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::191                    26641                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::192                     4610                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::193                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::194                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::195                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::196                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::197                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::198                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::199                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::200                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::201                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::202                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::203                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::204                 18791304                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::205                   287170                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::206                   143290                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::207                    13525                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::208                     4198                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::209                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::210                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::211                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::212                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::213                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::214                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::215                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::216                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::217                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::218                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::219                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::220                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::221                 11651404                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::222                    55613                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::223                    11186                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::224                     2092                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::225                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::226                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::227                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::228                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::229                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::230                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::231                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::232                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::233                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::234                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::235                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::236                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::237                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::238                  2555518                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::239                     5986                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::240                     2954                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::241                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::242                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::243                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::244                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::245                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::246                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::247                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::248                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::249                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::250                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::251                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::252                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::253                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::254                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::255                   199777                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::256                      898                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::257                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::258                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::259                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::260                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::261                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::262                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::263                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::264                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::265                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::266                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::267                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::268                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::269                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::270                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::271                 45360033                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::272                    25142                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::273                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::total              174536604                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::0                   26977419                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::1                       1498                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::2                       1409                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::3                        349                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::4                       1463                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::5                        978                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::6                       1562                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::7                        235                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::8                        681                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::9                         54                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::10                       289                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::11                       211                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::12                      2882                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::13                     12062                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::14                     66848                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::15                    119438                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::16                    225704                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::17                    875862                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::18                      5112                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::19                      2513                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::20                      2480                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::21                      2978                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::22                      5415                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::23                      2262                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::24                      3276                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::25                       571                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::26                       555                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::27                      2239                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::28                     13301                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::29                     77545                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::30                    359497                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::31                    886733                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::32                    967328                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::33                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::34                   1533691                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::35                      7379                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::36                      7897                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::37                      4975                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::38                      8111                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::39                      4161                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::40                      5680                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::41                      1029                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::42                      1776                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::43                      5522                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::44                     35870                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::45                    212574                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::46                   1000811                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::47                   2590902                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::48                   2130764                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::49                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::50                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::51                   1229336                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::52                     15823                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::53                     11308                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::54                      9397                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::55                      6181                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::56                      9352                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::57                      3342                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::58                      4800                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::59                     11598                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::60                     50108                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::61                    298742                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::62                   1475553                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::63                   3808723                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::64                   2354611                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::65                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::66                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::67                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::68                   1889122                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::69                     25194                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::70                     18684                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::71                      9004                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::72                     10807                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::73                      8994                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::74                     12454                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::75                     19344                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::76                     68589                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::77                    272928                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::78                   1318005                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::79                   3204980                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::80                   1527508                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::81                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::82                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::83                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::84                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::85                   1863033                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::86                     31976                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::87                     19111                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::88                     15743                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::89                     15872                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::90                     25239                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::91                     39879                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::92                     84213                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::93                    268450                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::94                    842825                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::95                   1767215                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::96                    563666                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::97                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::98                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::99                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::100                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::101                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::102                  2017438                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::103                    31597                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::104                    31888                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::105                    27794                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::106                    46157                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::107                    80778                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::108                   141477                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::109                   260520                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::110                   590793                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::111                   714971                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::112                   135153                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::113                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::114                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::115                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::116                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::117                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::118                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::119                  1526575                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::120                    43205                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::121                    52118                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::122                    66941                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::123                   131124                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::124                   221203                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::125                   324509                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::126                   395718                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::127                   297951                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::128                    28359                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::129                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::130                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::131                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::132                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::133                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::134                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::135                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::136                  2306465                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::137                    66596                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::138                   115122                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::139                   150208                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::140                   300846                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::141                   404441                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::142                   341870                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::143                   124027                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::144                     7284                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::145                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::146                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::147                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::148                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::149                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::150                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::151                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::152                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::153                  3403555                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::154                   116449                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::155                   237085                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::156                   306101                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::157                   425933                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::158                   309825                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::159                    61267                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::160                     4120                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::161                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::162                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::163                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::164                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::165                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::166                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::167                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::168                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::169                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::170                  7547901                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::171                   209997                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::172                   399347                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::173                   363715                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::174                   247915                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::175                    35917                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::176                     3977                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::177                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::178                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::179                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::180                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::181                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::182                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::183                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::184                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::185                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::186                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::187                 12931127                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::188                   324612                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::189                   382660                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::190                   155022                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::191                    23408                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::192                     3041                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::193                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::194                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::195                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::196                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::197                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::198                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::199                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::200                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::201                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::202                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::203                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::204                 17826589                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::205                   244592                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::206                   127668                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::207                    11429                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::208                     2636                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::209                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::210                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::211                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::212                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::213                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::214                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::215                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::216                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::217                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::218                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::219                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::220                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::221                 12215492                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::222                    53978                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::223                     9853                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::224                     1336                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::225                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::226                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::227                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::228                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::229                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::230                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::231                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::232                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::233                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::234                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::235                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::236                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::237                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::238                  3362933                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::239                     4763                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::240                     1950                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::241                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::242                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::243                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::244                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::245                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::246                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::247                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::248                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::249                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::250                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::251                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::252                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::253                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::254                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::255                   219949                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::256                      613                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::257                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::258                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::259                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::260                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::261                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::262                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::263                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::264                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::265                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::266                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::267                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::268                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::269                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::270                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::271                 44693195                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::272                    16303                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::273                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::total              178652981                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::0                     139231                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::1                        430                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::2                       1222                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::3                        373                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::4                       1488                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::5                        941                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::6                       1458                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::7                        210                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::8                        389                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::9                         62                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::10                       220                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::11                       195                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::12                      2719                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::13                     11564                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::14                     62154                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::15                    112736                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::16                    212047                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::17                    121040                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::18                      1539                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::19                      1381                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::20                      2446                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::21                      2712                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::22                      5444                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::23                      1810                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::24                      2198                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::25                       402                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::26                       534                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::27                      2019                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::28                     12550                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::29                     72412                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::30                    337316                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::31                    830772                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::32                    908123                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::33                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::34                    228945                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::35                      2320                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::36                      4449                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::37                      3959                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::38                      7175                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::39                      3278                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::40                      4463                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::41                       977                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::42                      1563                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::43                      4927                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::44                     33245                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::45                    198664                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::46                    937568                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::47                   2427693                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::48                   1998467                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::49                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::50                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::51                    209398                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::52                      5329                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::53                      5490                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::54                      6873                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::55                      4659                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::56                      6646                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::57                      2600                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::58                      3979                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::59                     10284                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::60                     45788                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::61                    278166                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::62                   1384643                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::63                   3574770                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::64                   2208000                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::65                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::66                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::67                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::68                    362242                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::69                      7673                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::70                      9099                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::71                      5909                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::72                      7455                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::73                      6174                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::74                      9116                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::75                     15681                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::76                     59781                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::77                    251867                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::78                   1232342                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::79                   3006694                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::80                   1430724                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::81                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::82                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::83                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::84                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::85                    411865                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::86                     10240                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::87                      8832                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::88                      9157                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::89                      9881                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::90                     17053                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::91                     28216                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::92                     67530                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::93                    237160                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::94                    779595                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::95                   1653419                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::96                    526379                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::97                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::98                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::99                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::100                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::101                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::102                   484388                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::103                    10071                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::104                    14372                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::105                    15293                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::106                    29061                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::107                    52991                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::108                    99119                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::109                   212782                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::110                   526483                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::111                   662535                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::112                   126072                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::113                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::114                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::115                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::116                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::117                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::118                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::119                   416164                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::120                    15400                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::121                    24051                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::122                    38294                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::123                    78983                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::124                   145627                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::125                   232736                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::126                   327972                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::127                   267834                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::128                    26214                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::129                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::130                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::131                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::132                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::133                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::134                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::135                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::136                   707476                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::137                    26638                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::138                    56417                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::139                    88456                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::140                   182111                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::141                   262357                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::142                   243605                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::143                   102407                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::144                     6536                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::145                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::146                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::147                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::148                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::149                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::150                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::151                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::152                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::153                  1115325                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::154                    49327                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::155                   116434                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::156                   176412                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::157                   253750                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::158                   196826                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::159                    40158                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::160                     3622                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::161                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::162                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::163                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::164                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::165                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::166                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::167                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::168                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::169                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::170                  2410123                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::171                    93337                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::172                   195733                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::173                   210890                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::174                   147481                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::175                    19776                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::176                     3600                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::177                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::178                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::179                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::180                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::181                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::182                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::183                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::184                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::185                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::186                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::187                  4041726                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::188                   145200                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::189                   190951                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::190                    83991                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::191                    10170                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::192                     2661                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::193                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::194                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::195                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::196                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::197                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::198                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::199                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::200                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::201                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::202                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::203                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::204                  5344372                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::205                   104870                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::206                    51517                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::207                     5579                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::208                     2423                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::209                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::210                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::211                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::212                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::213                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::214                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::215                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::216                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::217                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::218                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::219                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::220                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::221                  2788593                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::222                    17079                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::223                     4421                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::224                     1231                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::225                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::226                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::227                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::228                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::229                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::230                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::231                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::232                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::233                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::234                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::235                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::236                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::237                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::238                   213177                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::239                     2620                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::240                     1705                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::241                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::242                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::243                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::244                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::245                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::246                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::247                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::248                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::249                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::250                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::251                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::252                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::253                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::254                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::255                    51280                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::256                      549                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::257                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::258                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::259                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::260                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::261                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::262                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::263                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::264                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::265                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::266                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::267                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::268                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::269                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::270                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::271                 18840146                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::272                    14657                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::273                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::total               69052696                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::0                   504342                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::1                       14                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::2                       42                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::3                        7                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::4                       27                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::5                       10                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::6                       15                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::7                        4                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::8                        2                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::9                        0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::10                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::11                       3                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::12                      13                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::13                      67                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::14                     329                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::15                     593                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::16                    1169                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::17                   11814                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::18                      75                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::19                      63                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::20                      55                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::21                      50                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::22                      53                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::23                      13                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::24                      20                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::25                       1                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::26                       3                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::27                       7                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::28                      69                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::29                     404                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::30                    1853                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::31                    4720                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::32                    6889                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::33                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::34                   20485                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::35                     123                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::36                     142                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::37                     100                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::38                     136                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::39                      52                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::40                      50                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::41                       7                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::42                      12                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::43                      43                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::44                     189                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::45                    1113                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::46                    5486                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::47                   15943                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::48                   22731                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::49                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::50                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::51                   13820                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::52                     207                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::53                     176                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::54                     171                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::55                      87                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::56                     110                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::57                      26                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::58                      27                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::59                      91                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::60                     347                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::61                    1965                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::62                   10085                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::63                   31688                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::64                   47182                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::65                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::66                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::67                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::68                   20917                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::69                     258                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::70                     263                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::71                     109                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::72                     145                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::73                      89                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::74                      86                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::75                     136                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::76                     527                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::77                    2671                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::78                   13154                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::79                   44269                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::80                   71258                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::81                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::82                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::83                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::84                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::85                   19725                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::86                     338                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::87                     223                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::88                     179                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::89                     150                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::90                     205                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::91                     304                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::92                     774                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::93                    3104                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::94                   13331                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::95                   45948                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::96                   78929                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::97                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::98                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::99                       0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::100                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::101                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::102                  20715                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::103                    344                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::104                    320                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::105                    244                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::106                    384                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::107                    654                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::108                   1258                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::109                   2893                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::110                  11329                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::111                  37800                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::112                  67369                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::113                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::114                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::115                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::116                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::117                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::118                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::119                  14757                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::120                    374                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::121                    449                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::122                    577                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::123                   1165                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::124                   2057                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::125                   3763                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::126                   9107                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::127                  25847                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::128                  46049                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::129                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::130                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::131                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::132                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::133                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::134                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::135                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::136                  19545                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::137                    512                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::138                    873                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::139                   1348                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::140                   2928                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::141                   4964                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::142                   8361                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::143                  16223                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::144                  26693                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::145                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::146                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::147                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::148                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::149                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::150                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::151                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::152                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::153                  27940                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::154                    941                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::155                   2025                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::156                   3118                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::157                   6189                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::158                   9252                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::159                  11303                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::160                  13591                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::161                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::162                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::163                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::164                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::165                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::166                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::167                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::168                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::169                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::170                  60378                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::171                   1969                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::172                   4271                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::173                   6157                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::174                  10068                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::175                  10075                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::176                   7611                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::177                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::178                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::179                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::180                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::181                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::182                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::183                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::184                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::185                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::186                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::187                 118173                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::188                   3939                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::189                   7187                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::190                   8790                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::191                   9237                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::192                   5117                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::193                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::194                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::195                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::196                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::197                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::198                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::199                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::200                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::201                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::202                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::203                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::204                 235959                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::205                   6060                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::206                   9953                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::207                   7513                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::208                   4348                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::209                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::210                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::211                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::212                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::213                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::214                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::215                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::216                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::217                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::218                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::219                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::220                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::221                 365225                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::222                   7609                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::223                   7174                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::224                   3038                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::225                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::226                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::227                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::228                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::229                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::230                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::231                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::232                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::233                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::234                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::235                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::236                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::237                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::238                 481999                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::239                   5254                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::240                   2696                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::241                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::242                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::243                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::244                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::245                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::246                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::247                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::248                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::249                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::250                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::251                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::252                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::253                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::254                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::255                 273794                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::256                   1780                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::257                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::258                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::259                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::260                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::261                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::262                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::263                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::264                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::265                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::266                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::267                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::268                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::269                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::270                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::271                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::272                  97445                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::273                      0                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::total              3188492                       # toal Number of Reps of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ranks                    3188492                       # Total number of eranks.
system.l3.tags.total_invalid_fill             1219821                       # Total number of total_invalid_fills.
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::0                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::1                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::2                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::3                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::4                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::5                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::6                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::7                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::8                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::0                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::1                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::2                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::3                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::4                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::5                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::6                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::7                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::8                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::total                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::0                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::1                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::2                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::3                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::4                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::total                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::0                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::1                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::2                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::3                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::4                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::total                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 64483.234385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                     3281848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                   3253468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                      1.008723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    24412.433254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.096464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.104340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     9.917657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 38989.715209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.006453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data  1070.961009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.372504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.594936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.016342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.983936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         64976                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1339                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        17127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        34142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12258                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.991455                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                 259118137                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                259118137                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 34880657362398                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1481818                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1481818                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       193420                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data        40594                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                234014                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       415471                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data        77214                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            492685                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        608891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       117808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                   726699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       608891                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       117808                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                  726699                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data                1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       761299                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       159531                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              920831                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1940734                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       393227                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2334223                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                   6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2702033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       552758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                3255054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                  6                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2702033                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       552758                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total               3255054                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        98568                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  91602821484                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  20575087983                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  112178008035                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       279387                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       478188                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     23830479                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 277790382549                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       110889                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  50344816455                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 328159897947                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst        279387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data        576756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     23830479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 369393204033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       110889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  70919904438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     440337905982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       279387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       576756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     23830479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 369393204033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       110889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  70919904438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    440337905982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1481818                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1481818                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data              1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       954719                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       200125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1154845                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2356205                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       470441                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2826908                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                 6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3310924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       670566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total              3981753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data                6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3310924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       670566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total             3981753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data             1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.797406                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.797157                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.797363                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.823669                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.835869                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.825716                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.816096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.824316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.817493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.816096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.824316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.817493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        98568                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 120324.368591                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 128972.350095                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121822.579860                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        93129                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 95637.600000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94191.616601                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 143136.762972                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       110889                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 128029.907547                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 140586.352695                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        93129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        96126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94191.616601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 136709.360705                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       110889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 128301.905062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 135278.218420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        93129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        96126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94191.616601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 136709.360705                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst       110889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 128301.905062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 135278.218420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.total_trans::0                            0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::1                            0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::2                            0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::3                            0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::total                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.writebacks::writebacks              1085428                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.writebacks::total                   1085428                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       268441                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        268441                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       761299                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       159531                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         920831                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1940734                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       393227                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2334223                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data              6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2702033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       552758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           3255054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst             3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data             6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2702033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       552758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          3255054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        72103                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  71448941108                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  16351876661                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  87800889872                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       199958                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       346184                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     17133530                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 226413236377                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst        84579                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  39934803526                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 266365804154                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       199958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       418287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     17133530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 297862177485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst        84579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  56286680187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 354166694026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       199958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       418287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     17133530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 297862177485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst        84579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  56286680187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 354166694026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.797406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.797157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.797363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.823669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.835869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.825716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.816096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.824316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.817493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.816096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.824316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.817493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        72103                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93851.352896                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 102499.681322                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95349.624276                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66652.666667                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69236.800000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67721.462451                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 116663.714026                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst        84579                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 101556.616219                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114113.263452                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66652.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69714.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67721.462451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 110236.321127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst        84579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 101828.793409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108805.166988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66652.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69714.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67721.462451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 110236.321127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst        84579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 101828.793409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108805.166988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       6442632                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3187578                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 34880657362398                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2334223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1085428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2102150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            920831                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           920831                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2334223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      4849234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      4848452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total      9697686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                9697686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    138913920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    138876928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total    277790848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               277790848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           3255054                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 3255054    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             3255054                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          7016597202                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          7014776847                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        18330581119                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            411109202                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              22074                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        411131276                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           189771215                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              8172                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       189779387                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            600880417                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              30246                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        600910663                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits          1000030247                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                 3                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses      1000030250                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 1577279438037                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               4589967162                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1000000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses     676723513                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses      862778023                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts       806359                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts            676723513                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts             862778023                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads    699238658                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes    116026213                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads    815970401                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes    693392827                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs             600910663                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts           411131276                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts          189779387                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       23472.489551                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       4589943689.510448                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999995                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000005                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                    809662                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass            84      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu          75815285      7.58%      7.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult              868      0.00%      7.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%      7.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd       180561119     18.06%     25.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     25.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               0      0.00%     25.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult      142352479     14.23%     39.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv          389749      0.04%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMisc              0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead         41020307      4.10%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite        20415680      2.04%     46.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemRead    370110969     37.01%     83.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemWrite    169363707     16.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total         1000030247                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.lookups        173915                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condPredicted       173249                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condIncorrect         1461                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBLookups       172371                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHits        172363                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHitPct    99.995359                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.usedRAS             0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectLookups            0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectHits            0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectMisses            0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_hits           87363395                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_misses            10470                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_accesses       87373865                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_hits          38048100                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_misses            2975                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_accesses      38051075                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_hits          125411495                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_misses            13445                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_accesses      125424940                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_hits          12757514                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_misses               8                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_accesses      12757522                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 1577279438037                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus_1.numCycles              146583504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.icacheStallCycles     12774458                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Insts            201931982                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Branches            173915                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.predictedBranches       172363                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Cycles           133783150                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.SquashCycles         50198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.MiscStallCycles            7                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          145                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.CacheLines        12757514                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.IcacheSquashes         7153                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::samples    146582859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.377596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.014561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::0      121090403     82.61%     82.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::1         137952      0.09%     82.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::2          34926      0.02%     82.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::3          37744      0.03%     82.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::4          85919      0.06%     82.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::5          28776      0.02%     82.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::6          30625      0.02%     82.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::7         152472      0.10%     82.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::8       24984042     17.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::total    146582859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.branchRate        0.001186                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rate              1.377590                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.IdleCycles        3793215                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BlockedCycles    117476458                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.RunCycles        18745042                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.UnblockCycles      6543046                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashCycles        25097                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BranchResolved       171077                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BranchMispred            2                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.DecodedInsts    201425096                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SquashCycles        25097                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IdleCycles        6780273                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.BlockCycles      45365080                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RunCycles        22263691                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UnblockCycles     72148717                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedInsts    201253618                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.ROBFullEvents         1073                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IQFullEvents       580037                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.LQFullEvents     51152561                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SQFullEvents     18481000                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedOperands    162877513                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenameLookups    304828307                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.int_rename_lookups    140925141                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.fp_rename_lookups    163903166                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.CommittedMaps    161877646                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UndoneMaps         999814                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.skidInsts        40297293                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedLoads     82548424                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedStores     38176199                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingLoads      8790630                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingStores      1231357                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsAdded        201104674                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsIssued       205707184                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        35894                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1104618                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       733709                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    146582859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.403351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.333644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    100623958     68.65%     68.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3973754      2.71%     71.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      4557086      3.11%     74.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4583607      3.13%     77.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9029652      6.16%     83.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      9404198      6.42%     90.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      7490774      5.11%     95.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4574445      3.12%     98.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2345385      1.60%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    146582859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3437      0.02%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntMult           18      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd       109848      0.73%      0.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult      1890106     12.55%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            9      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2870193     19.05%     32.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59821      0.40%     32.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead      9810829     65.12%     97.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite       321268      2.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     15499754      7.53%      7.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult          245      0.00%      7.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%      7.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     36139748     17.57%     25.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     25.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     25.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     28520128     13.86%     38.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        78566      0.04%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9111639      4.43%     43.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4099369      1.99%     45.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead     78296958     38.06%     83.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite     33960777     16.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::total    205707184                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.rate                 1.403345                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_cnt          15065529                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.073238                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    206945280                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     28242435                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     27843622                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    366153361                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    173987596                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    172770099                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_alu_accesses     31644476                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_alu_accesses     189128237                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9187204                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       414505                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          386                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        20780                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       221443                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5184037                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewSquashCycles        25097                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewBlockCycles      17655072                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewUnblockCycles     25624461                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    201104701                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2096                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     82548424                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     38176199                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIQFullEvents        19401                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     25533994                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        20780                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1397                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           68                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.branchMispredicts         1465                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecutedInsts    205643542                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     87373865                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        63633                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_refs          125424940                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_branches         171878                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_stores         38051075                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_rate           1.402911                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_sent            200670304                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_count           200613721                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_producers       131402095                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_consumers       136796165                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_rate             1.368597                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_fanout           0.960569                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1060953                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branchMispredicts         1459                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    146436578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.365779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.757579                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    111982704     76.47%     76.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2868976      1.96%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3113754      2.13%     80.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2403506      1.64%     82.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2970398      2.03%     84.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2472657      1.69%     85.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1825455      1.25%     87.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1897609      1.30%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     16901519     11.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    146436578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedInsts    200000024                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedOps    200000024                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.refs            120088640                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.loads            82133897                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.membars                 0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branches           167612                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.fp_insts        172405126                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.int_insts       135398704                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           18      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     15310537      7.66%      7.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          186      0.00%      7.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%      7.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd     36073856     18.04%     25.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     25.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     25.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult     28449010     14.22%     39.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv        77777      0.04%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      8202704      4.10%     44.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      4081453      2.04%     46.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead     73931193     36.97%     83.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite     33873290     16.94%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::total    200000024                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.bw_lim_events     16901519                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_reads          330518036                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_writes         402269371                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus_1.timesIdled                     4                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus_1.idleCycles                   645                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus_1.committedInsts         200000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.committedOps           200000006                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi                     0.732917                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi_total               0.732917                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc                     1.364410                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc_total               1.364410                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_reads      145466964                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_writes      23579207                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_reads       163401366                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_writes      138857749                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      7959682                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3977929                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         269355                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       269355                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 34880657362398                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2826908                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2567246                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4599175                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1154845                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1154845                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2826908                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     11941435                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side    349668544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                         3188492                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                  69467392                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples          7170245                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.037566                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.190143                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                6900890     96.24%     96.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                 269355      3.76%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total            7170245                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3144019500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2651847498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
