
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.483378                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2483378393076                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               72513350974422                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 268987                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   268987                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              556663635                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2510572                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4461.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1200000011                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1200000011                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 72513350974422                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu.data            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       150400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    408031552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.inst        43712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.data     84453696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         492679552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       150400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst        43712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       194176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks    160803904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      160803904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu.data               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      6375493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.inst          683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.data      1319589                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            7698118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks      2512561                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           2512561                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu.inst                26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu.data                52                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        60563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    164305026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.inst        17602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.data     34007583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            198390851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           26                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        60563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst        17602                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total           78190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       64752075                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            64752075                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       64752075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu.inst               26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu.data               52                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        60563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    164305026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.inst        17602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.data     34007583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           263142926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    7698118                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   2512561                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  7698118                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 2512561                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             492339904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                 339648                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              160802048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              492679552                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           160803904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  5307                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           516092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           487470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           479247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           482612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           479654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           492162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           465988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           476362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           486365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           478604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          468749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          481026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          470426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          469134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          474713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          484207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           168724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           155098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           158429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           159849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           157386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           158860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           151164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           153798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           155106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           153204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          151836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          152200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          151404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          155122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          163153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          167199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2483377889913                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              7698118                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             2512561                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                7294278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                 335122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  57906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   5505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 78625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 83059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                139798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                146284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                147361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                147462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                147377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                147278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                147240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                147211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                147218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                147226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                147695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                148236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                148961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                148252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                146529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                146393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      4367329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   149.551692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   101.704286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   193.119069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2771392     63.46%     63.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       973784     22.30%     85.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       232881      5.33%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511       111885      2.56%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        61831      1.42%     95.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        46364      1.06%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        42408      0.97%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        40933      0.94%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        85851      1.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      4367329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       146311                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     52.568911                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   133.553668                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023       146000     99.79%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047          264      0.18%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071           37      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            6      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       146311                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       146311                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.172543                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.138240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.086798                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           64049     43.78%     43.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            3042      2.08%     45.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           70473     48.17%     94.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            7711      5.27%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             845      0.58%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21             140      0.10%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              31      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               9      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::29               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       146311                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                144348707914                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           288588914164                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               38464055000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    18764.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               37514.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      198.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       64.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   198.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    64.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 5162365                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 675641                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                67.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               26.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    243213.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   57.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             15654100140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              8320336365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            27700251180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            6594467760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        190690216080.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        142416817050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy          5373950400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   796094271120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   101649364800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy     41185633050                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1335738966825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           537.871694                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        2156940938940                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4759520977                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  80737762000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 146401170222                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 264713472047                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 240939814388                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1745826653442                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             15528686040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              8253677190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            27226419360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            6520949280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        191046707280.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        144396139770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy          5494332480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   789232543290                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   103128681120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy     43598608965                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1334490505635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           537.368969                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        2152272926086                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5165838442                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  80896938000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 152932910764                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 268565449106                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 245042009865                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1730775246899                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 72513350974422                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       138624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    408320832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.inst        44352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.data     84513088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         493016960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       138624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst        44352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       183040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    160873600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      160873600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      6380013                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.inst          693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.data      1320517                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            7703390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      2513650                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           2513650                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu.inst                26                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        55821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    164421513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.inst        17860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.data     34031498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            198526717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           26                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        55821                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst        17860                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total           73706                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       64780140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            64780140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       64780140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu.inst               26                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        55821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    164421513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.inst        17860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.data     34031498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           263306857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    7703390                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   2513650                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  7703390                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 2513650                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             492689344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                 327616                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              160871808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              493016960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           160873600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  5119                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           515283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           486289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           479893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           485387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           481642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           492267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           469152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           472703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           488641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           473617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          474013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          480541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          471692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          474037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          471549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          481565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           168621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           155275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           158451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           160376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           157996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           158407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           152119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           153541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           155198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           152457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          151854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          152435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          151512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          155028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          163710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          166642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2483378299170                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              7703390                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             2513650                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                7300411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                 335241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  57154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   5463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 78080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 82428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                139861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                146301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                147369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                147509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                147563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                147498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                147375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                147414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                147397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                147419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                147865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                148426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                149130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                148446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                146685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                146544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      4373174                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   149.447606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   101.701282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   192.839023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2773837     63.43%     63.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       976358     22.33%     85.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       233249      5.33%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511       113219      2.59%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        61928      1.42%     95.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        45768      1.05%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        42371      0.97%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        40566      0.93%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        85878      1.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      4373174                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       146466                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     52.553931                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   132.913257                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023       146146     99.78%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047          275      0.19%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071           30      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            9      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       146466                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       146466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.161812                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.127577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.085908                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           64715     44.18%     44.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            3140      2.14%     46.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           70101     47.86%     94.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            7543      5.15%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             762      0.52%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21             142      0.10%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22              39      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23              12      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               5      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::25               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       146466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                144604493267                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           288947074517                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               38491355000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    18784.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               37534.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      198.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       64.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   198.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    64.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 5162377                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 676333                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                67.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               26.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    243062.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   57.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             15677890620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              8332977510                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            27721878240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            6602182920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        190767660720.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        141964400070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy          5378852640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   798252224430                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   100739535840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy     40822869150                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1336321535400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           538.106281                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        2157902753685                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4761024174                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  80770480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 145014086628                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 262343563036                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 239943791863                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1750545447375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             15546636000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              8263217820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            27243776700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            6518923920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        191049165840.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        144847424730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy          5485637760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   789117728760                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   102981972960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy     43495533390                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1334608681260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           537.416557                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        2151321348606                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5124497812                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  80897636000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 152611042691                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 268182352456                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 246034856487                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 1730528007630                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 72513350974422                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                       1                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted                 1                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect                 0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                    0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct                   nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups               0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                  0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses                0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            2                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        2                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            2                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        2                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           3                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       3                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    5                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2483378393076                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                              290                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles                 18                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                             10                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                           1                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                             2                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                       3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.PendingDrainCycles                 3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                         3                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                     2                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples                 24                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.416667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             1.665942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                       22     91.67%     91.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                        0      0.00%     91.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                        1      4.17%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                        0      0.00%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                        0      0.00%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                        0      0.00%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                        0      0.00%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                        0      0.00%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                        1      4.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                   24                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.003448                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.034483                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                       20                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                         2                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                      2                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                     10                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                      2                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                       20                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles              0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                         2                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                     10                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands                   9                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                    17                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups               17                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                     5                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                        4                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                  0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts              0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                         0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                    2                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                   0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                 0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                         10                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                        10                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined               5                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined            2                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            24                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.416667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.176460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  20     83.33%     83.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                   2      8.33%     91.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                   0      0.00%     91.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                   1      4.17%     95.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                   0      0.00%     95.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                   1      4.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            5                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              24                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                     8     80.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                    2     20.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                     10                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.034483                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                           0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                          0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 44                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                15                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            8                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                   0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                     10                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads                0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            2                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked             0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                      2                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  10                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                     2                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents              0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect              0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            1                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                    1                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    10                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                     2                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                            2                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                        1                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                          0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.034483                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                              8                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                             8                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                         3                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                         3                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.027586                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                            1                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts               5                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples           22                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.227273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.869144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0           20     90.91%     90.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            1      4.55%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0      0.00%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0      0.00%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            1      4.55%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total           22                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                    5                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                      5                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                              0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                             0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                          0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                         5                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu                5    100.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total                 5                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                     0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                           31                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                          21                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                               1                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                             266                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                           5                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                             5                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                              58.000000                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                        58.000000                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.017241                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.017241                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       57                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       7                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                        32                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 72513350974422                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          33963980                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::0                0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::1                0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::2                0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::3                0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::4                0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::5                0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::6                0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::7                0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::8                0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::9                0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::10               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::11               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::12               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::13               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::14               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::15               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::16               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::17               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::18               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::19               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::20               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::21               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::22               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::23               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::24               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::25               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::26               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::27               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::28               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::29               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::30               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::31               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::32               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::33               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::34               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::35               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::36               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::37               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::38               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::39               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::40               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::41               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::42               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::43               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::44               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::45               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::46               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::47               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::48               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::49               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::50               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::51               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::52               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::53               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::54               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::55               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::56               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::57               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::58               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::59               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::60               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::61               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::62               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::63               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::64               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::65               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::66               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::67               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::68               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::69               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::70               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::71               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::72               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::73               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::74               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::75               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::76               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::77               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::78               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::79               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::80               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::81               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::82               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::83               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::84               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::85               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::86               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::87               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::88               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::89               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::90               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::91               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::92               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::93               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::94               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::95               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::96               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::97               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::98               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::99               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::100              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::101              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::102              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::103              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::104              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::105              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::106              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::107              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::108              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::109              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::110              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::111              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::112              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::113              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::114              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::115              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::116              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::117              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::118              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::119              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::120              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::121              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::122              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::123              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::124              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::125              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::126              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::127              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::128              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::129              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::130              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::131              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::132              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::133              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::134              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::135              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::136              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::137              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::138              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::139              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::140              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::141              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::142              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::143              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::144              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::145              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::146              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::147              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::148              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::149              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::150              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::151              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::152              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::153              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::154              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::155              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::156              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::157              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::158              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::159              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::160              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::161              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::162              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::163              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::164              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::165              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::166              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::167              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::168              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::169              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::170              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::171              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::172              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::173              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::174              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::175              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::176              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::177              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::178              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::179              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::180              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::181              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::182              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::183              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::184              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::185              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::186              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::187              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::188              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::189              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::190              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::191              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::192              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::193              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::194              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::195              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::196              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::197              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::198              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::199              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::200              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::201              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::202              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::203              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::204              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::205              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::206              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::207              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::208              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::209              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::210              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::211              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::212              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::213              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::214              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::215              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::216              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::217              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::218              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::219              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::220              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::221              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::222              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::223              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::224              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::225              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::226              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::227              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::228              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::229              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::230              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::231              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::232              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::233              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::234              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::235              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::236              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::237              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::238              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::239              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::240              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::241              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::242              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::243              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::244              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::245              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::246              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::247              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::248              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::249              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::250              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::251              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::252              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::253              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::254              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::255              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::256              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::257              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::258              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::259              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::260              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::261              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::262              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::263              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::264              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::265              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::266              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::267              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::268              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::269              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::270              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::271              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::272              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::273              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_Reps::total            0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ranks                  0                       # Total number of rank to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_invalid_fill            0                       # Total number of fill in to invalid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::0                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::1                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::2                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::3                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::4                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::5                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::6                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::7                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::8                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::9                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::10                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::11                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::12                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::13                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::14                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::15                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::16                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::17                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::18                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::19                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::20                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::21                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::22                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::23                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::24                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::25                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::26                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::27                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::28                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::29                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::30                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::31                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::32                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::33                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::34                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::35                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::36                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::37                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::38                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::39                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::40                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::41                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::42                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::43                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::44                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::45                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::46                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::47                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::48                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::49                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::50                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::51                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::52                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::53                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::54                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::55                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::56                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::57                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::58                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::59                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::60                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::61                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::62                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::63                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::64                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::65                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::66                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::67                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::68                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::69                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::70                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::71                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::72                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::73                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::74                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::75                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::76                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::77                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::78                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::79                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::80                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::81                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::82                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::83                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::84                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::85                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::86                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::87                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::88                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::89                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::90                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::91                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::92                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::93                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::94                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::95                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::96                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::97                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::98                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::99                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::100                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::101                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::102                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::103                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::104                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::105                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::106                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::107                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::108                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::109                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::110                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::111                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::112                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::113                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::114                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::115                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::116                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::117                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::118                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::119                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::120                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::121                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::122                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::123                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::124                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::125                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::126                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::127                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::128                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::129                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::130                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::131                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::132                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::133                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::134                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::135                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::136                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::137                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::138                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::139                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::140                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::141                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::142                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::143                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::144                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::145                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::146                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::147                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::148                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::149                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::150                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::151                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::152                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::153                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::154                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::155                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::156                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::157                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::158                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::159                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::160                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::161                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::162                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::163                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::164                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::165                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::166                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::167                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::168                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::169                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::170                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::171                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::172                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::173                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::174                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::175                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::176                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::177                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::178                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::179                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::180                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::181                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::182                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::183                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::184                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::185                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::186                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::187                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::188                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::189                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::190                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::191                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::192                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::193                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::194                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::195                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::196                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::197                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::198                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::199                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::200                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::201                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::202                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::203                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::204                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::205                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::206                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::207                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::208                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::209                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::210                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::211                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::212                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::213                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::214                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::215                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::216                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::217                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::218                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::219                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::220                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::221                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::222                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::223                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::224                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::225                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::226                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::227                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::228                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::229                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::230                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::231                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::232                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::233                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::234                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::235                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::236                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::237                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::238                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::239                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::240                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::241                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::242                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::243                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::244                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::245                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::246                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::247                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::248                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::249                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::250                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::251                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::252                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::253                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::254                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::255                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::256                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::257                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::258                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::259                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::260                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::261                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::262                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::263                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::264                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::265                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::266                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::267                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::268                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::269                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::270                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::271                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::272                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::273                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::total              0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::0                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::1                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::2                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::3                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::4                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::5                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::6                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::7                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::8                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::9                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::10                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::11                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::12                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::13                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::14                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::15                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::16                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::17                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::18                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::19                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::20                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::21                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::22                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::23                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::24                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::25                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::26                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::27                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::28                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::29                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::30                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::31                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::32                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::33                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::34                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::35                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::36                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::37                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::38                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::39                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::40                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::41                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::42                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::43                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::44                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::45                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::46                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::47                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::48                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::49                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::50                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::51                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::52                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::53                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::54                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::55                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::56                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::57                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::58                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::59                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::60                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::61                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::62                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::63                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::64                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::65                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::66                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::67                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::68                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::69                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::70                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::71                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::72                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::73                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::74                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::75                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::76                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::77                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::78                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::79                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::80                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::81                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::82                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::83                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::84                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::85                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::86                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::87                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::88                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::89                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::90                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::91                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::92                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::93                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::94                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::95                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::96                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::97                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::98                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::99                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::100                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::101                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::102                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::103                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::104                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::105                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::106                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::107                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::108                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::109                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::110                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::111                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::112                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::113                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::114                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::115                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::116                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::117                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::118                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::119                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::120                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::121                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::122                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::123                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::124                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::125                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::126                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::127                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::128                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::129                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::130                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::131                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::132                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::133                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::134                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::135                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::136                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::137                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::138                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::139                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::140                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::141                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::142                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::143                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::144                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::145                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::146                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::147                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::148                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::149                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::150                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::151                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::152                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::153                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::154                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::155                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::156                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::157                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::158                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::159                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::160                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::161                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::162                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::163                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::164                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::165                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::166                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::167                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::168                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::169                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::170                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::171                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::172                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::173                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::174                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::175                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::176                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::177                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::178                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::179                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::180                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::181                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::182                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::183                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::184                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::185                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::186                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::187                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::188                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::189                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::190                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::191                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::192                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::193                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::194                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::195                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::196                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::197                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::198                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::199                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::200                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::201                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::202                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::203                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::204                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::205                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::206                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::207                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::208                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::209                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::210                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::211                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::212                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::213                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::214                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::215                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::216                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::217                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::218                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::219                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::220                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::221                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::222                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::223                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::224                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::225                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::226                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::227                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::228                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::229                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::230                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::231                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::232                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::233                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::234                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::235                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::236                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::237                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::238                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::239                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::240                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::241                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::242                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::243                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::244                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::245                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::246                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::247                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::248                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::249                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::250                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::251                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::252                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::253                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::254                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::255                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::256                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::257                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::258                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::259                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::260                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::261                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::262                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::263                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::264                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::265                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::266                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::267                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::268                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::269                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::270                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::271                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::272                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::273                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::total              0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::0                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::1                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::2                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::3                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::4                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::5                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::6                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::7                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::8                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::9                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::10                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::11                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::12                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::13                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::14                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::15                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::16                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::17                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::18                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::19                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::20                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::21                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::22                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::23                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::24                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::25                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::26                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::27                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::28                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::29                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::30                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::31                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::32                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::33                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::34                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::35                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::36                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::37                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::38                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::39                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::40                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::41                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::42                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::43                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::44                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::45                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::46                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::47                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::48                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::49                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::50                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::51                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::52                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::53                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::54                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::55                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::56                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::57                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::58                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::59                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::60                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::61                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::62                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::63                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::64                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::65                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::66                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::67                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::68                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::69                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::70                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::71                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::72                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::73                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::74                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::75                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::76                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::77                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::78                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::79                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::80                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::81                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::82                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::83                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::84                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::85                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::86                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::87                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::88                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::89                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::90                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::91                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::92                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::93                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::94                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::95                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::96                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::97                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::98                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::99                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::100                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::101                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::102                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::103                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::104                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::105                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::106                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::107                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::108                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::109                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::110                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::111                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::112                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::113                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::114                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::115                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::116                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::117                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::118                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::119                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::120                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::121                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::122                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::123                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::124                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::125                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::126                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::127                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::128                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::129                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::130                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::131                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::132                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::133                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::134                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::135                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::136                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::137                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::138                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::139                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::140                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::141                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::142                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::143                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::144                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::145                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::146                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::147                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::148                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::149                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::150                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::151                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::152                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::153                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::154                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::155                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::156                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::157                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::158                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::159                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::160                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::161                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::162                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::163                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::164                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::165                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::166                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::167                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::168                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::169                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::170                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::171                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::172                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::173                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::174                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::175                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::176                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::177                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::178                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::179                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::180                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::181                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::182                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::183                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::184                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::185                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::186                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::187                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::188                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::189                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::190                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::191                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::192                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::193                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::194                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::195                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::196                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::197                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::198                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::199                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::200                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::201                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::202                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::203                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::204                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::205                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::206                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::207                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::208                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::209                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::210                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::211                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::212                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::213                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::214                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::215                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::216                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::217                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::218                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::219                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::220                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::221                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::222                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::223                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::224                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::225                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::226                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::227                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::228                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::229                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::230                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::231                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::232                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::233                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::234                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::235                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::236                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::237                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::238                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::239                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::240                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::241                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::242                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::243                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::244                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::245                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::246                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::247                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::248                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::249                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::250                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::251                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::252                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::253                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::254                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::255                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::256                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::257                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::258                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::259                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::260                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::261                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::262                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::263                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::264                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::265                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::266                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::267                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::268                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::269                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::270                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::271                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::272                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::273                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::total              0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::0                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::1                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::2                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::3                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::4                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::5                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::6                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::7                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::8                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::9                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::10                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::11                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::12                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::13                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::14                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::15                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::16                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::17                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::18                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::19                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::20                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::21                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::22                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::23                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::24                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::25                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::26                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::27                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::28                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::29                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::30                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::31                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::32                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::33                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::34                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::35                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::36                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::37                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::38                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::39                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::40                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::41                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::42                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::43                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::44                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::45                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::46                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::47                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::48                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::49                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::50                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::51                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::52                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::53                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::54                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::55                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::56                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::57                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::58                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::59                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::60                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::61                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::62                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::63                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::64                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::65                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::66                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::67                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::68                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::69                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::70                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::71                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::72                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::73                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::74                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::75                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::76                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::77                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::78                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::79                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::80                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::81                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::82                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::83                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::84                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::85                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::86                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::87                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::88                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::89                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::90                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::91                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::92                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::93                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::94                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::95                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::96                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::97                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::98                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::99                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::100                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::101                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::102                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::103                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::104                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::105                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::106                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::107                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::108                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::109                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::110                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::111                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::112                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::113                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::114                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::115                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::116                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::117                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::118                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::119                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::120                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::121                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::122                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::123                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::124                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::125                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::126                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::127                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::128                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::129                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::130                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::131                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::132                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::133                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::134                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::135                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::136                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::137                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::138                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::139                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::140                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::141                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::142                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::143                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::144                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::145                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::146                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::147                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::148                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::149                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::150                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::151                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::152                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::153                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::154                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::155                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::156                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::157                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::158                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::159                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::160                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::161                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::162                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::163                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::164                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::165                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::166                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::167                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::168                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::169                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::170                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::171                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::172                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::173                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::174                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::175                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::176                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::177                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::178                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::179                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::180                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::181                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::182                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::183                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::184                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::185                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::186                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::187                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::188                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::189                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::190                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::191                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::192                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::193                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::194                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::195                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::196                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::197                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::198                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::199                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::200                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::201                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::202                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::203                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::204                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::205                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::206                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::207                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::208                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::209                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::210                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::211                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::212                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::213                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::214                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::215                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::216                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::217                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::218                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::219                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::220                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::221                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::222                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::223                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::224                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::225                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::226                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::227                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::228                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::229                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::230                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::231                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::232                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::233                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::234                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::235                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::236                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::237                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::238                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::239                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::240                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::241                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::242                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::243                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::244                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::245                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::246                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::247                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::248                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::249                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::250                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::251                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::252                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::253                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::254                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::255                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::256                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::257                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::258                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::259                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::260                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::261                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::262                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::263                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::264                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::265                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::266                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::267                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::268                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::269                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::270                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::271                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::272                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::273                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::total              0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::0                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::1                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::2                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::3                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::4                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::5                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::6                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::7                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::8                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::total              0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::0        5848038233                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::1         632534244                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::2         981494330                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::3        1232843145                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::total    8694909952                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::0    3941307112                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::1     452209960                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::2     695808439                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::3    3605584441                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::4             0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::total   8694909952                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.990116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           272730891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          33964492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              8.029883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      70030082115036                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   479.822732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data    32.165974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.937154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.062824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          375                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        2600354684                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       2600354684                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 72513350974422                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    174498260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     37638982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       212137242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     50826108                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      6660179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       57486287                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          356                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          451                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          549                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    225324368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     44299161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        269623529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    225324368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     44299161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       269623529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     21745992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data     15204876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      36950870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      8892443                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      5330754                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     14223197                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          130                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           39                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     30638435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data     20535630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       51174067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     30638435                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data     20535630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      51174067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       200133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1119787607817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 904603491999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2024391299949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 389772196641                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 293884049544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 683656246185                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     10975347                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data      2489841                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     13465188                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       303030                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data        34632                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       337662                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data       200133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1509559804458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 1198487541543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2708047546134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       200133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1509559804458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 1198487541543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2708047546134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    196244252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     52843858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    249088112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     59718551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     11990933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     71709484                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          486                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          590                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data          102                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    255962803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     64834791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    320797596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    255962803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     64834791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    320797596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.110811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.287732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.148345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.148906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.444565                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.198345                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.267490                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.259615                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.266102                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072016                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.039216                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.066327                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.316738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.159521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.316738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.159521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 100066.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51493.976813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 59494.302486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54786.025334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43831.846506                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 55129.921498                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48066.285392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84425.746154                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 92216.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85765.528662                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         8658                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data         8658                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8658                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 100066.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49270.134211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 58361.371993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52918.356990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 100066.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49270.134211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 58361.371993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52918.356990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     62511029                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       453543                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           1795069                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets            3509                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    34.823747                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   129.251354                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::0                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::1                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::2                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::3                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.total_trans::total                0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     16366948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          16366948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     10809921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     10809921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      3457446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3457446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     14267367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     14267367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     14267367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     14267367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21745992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      4394955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     26140949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8892443                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1873308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     10765751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          130                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     30638435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      6268263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     36906700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     30638435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      6268263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     36906700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       198801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1105304777145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 228101199471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1333406175417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 383849829603                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  85036160130                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 468885989733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     10888767                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data      2471859                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13360626                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       279720                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data        31968                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       311688                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       198801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1489154606748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 313137359601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1802292165150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       198801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1489154606748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 313137359601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1802292165150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.110811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.083169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.148906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.156227                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150130                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.267490                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.259615                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266102                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072016                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.039216                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066327                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.096681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.096681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 99400.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50827.976813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 51900.690558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51008.330854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43165.846506                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 45393.581904                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43553.486397                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83759.746154                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 91550.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85099.528662                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         7992                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data         7992                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7992                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 99400.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48604.134211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 49956.002102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48833.739271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 99400.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48604.134211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 49956.002102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48833.739271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 72513350974422                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              7810                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::0                0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::1                0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::2                0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::3                0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::4                0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::5                0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::6                0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::7                0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::8                0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::9                0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::10               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::11               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::12               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::13               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::14               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::15               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::16               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::17               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::18               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::19               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::20               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::21               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::22               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::23               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::24               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::25               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::26               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::27               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::28               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::29               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::30               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::31               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::32               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::33               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::34               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::35               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::36               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::37               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::38               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::39               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::40               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::41               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::42               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::43               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::44               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::45               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::46               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::47               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::48               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::49               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::50               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::51               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::52               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::53               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::54               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::55               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::56               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::57               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::58               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::59               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::60               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::61               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::62               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::63               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::64               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::65               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::66               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::67               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::68               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::69               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::70               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::71               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::72               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::73               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::74               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::75               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::76               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::77               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::78               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::79               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::80               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::81               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::82               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::83               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::84               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::85               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::86               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::87               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::88               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::89               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::90               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::91               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::92               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::93               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::94               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::95               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::96               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::97               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::98               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::99               0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::100              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::101              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::102              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::103              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::104              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::105              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::106              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::107              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::108              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::109              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::110              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::111              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::112              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::113              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::114              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::115              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::116              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::117              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::118              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::119              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::120              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::121              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::122              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::123              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::124              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::125              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::126              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::127              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::128              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::129              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::130              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::131              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::132              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::133              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::134              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::135              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::136              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::137              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::138              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::139              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::140              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::141              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::142              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::143              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::144              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::145              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::146              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::147              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::148              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::149              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::150              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::151              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::152              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::153              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::154              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::155              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::156              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::157              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::158              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::159              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::160              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::161              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::162              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::163              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::164              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::165              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::166              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::167              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::168              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::169              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::170              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::171              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::172              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::173              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::174              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::175              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::176              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::177              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::178              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::179              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::180              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::181              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::182              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::183              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::184              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::185              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::186              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::187              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::188              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::189              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::190              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::191              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::192              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::193              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::194              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::195              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::196              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::197              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::198              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::199              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::200              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::201              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::202              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::203              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::204              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::205              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::206              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::207              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::208              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::209              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::210              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::211              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::212              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::213              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::214              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::215              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::216              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::217              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::218              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::219              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::220              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::221              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::222              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::223              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::224              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::225              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::226              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::227              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::228              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::229              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::230              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::231              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::232              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::233              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::234              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::235              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::236              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::237              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::238              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::239              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::240              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::241              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::242              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::243              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::244              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::245              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::246              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::247              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::248              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::249              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::250              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::251              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::252              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::253              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::254              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::255              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::256              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::257              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::258              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::259              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::260              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::261              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::262              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::263              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::264              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::265              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::266              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::267              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::268              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::269              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::270              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::271              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::272              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::273              0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_Reps::total            0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ranks                  0                       # Total number of rank to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_invalid_fill            0                       # Total number of fill in to invalid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::0                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::1                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::2                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::3                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::4                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::5                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::6                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::7                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::8                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::9                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::10                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::11                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::12                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::13                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::14                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::15                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::16                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::17                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::18                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::19                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::20                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::21                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::22                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::23                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::24                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::25                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::26                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::27                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::28                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::29                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::30                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::31                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::32                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::33                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::34                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::35                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::36                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::37                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::38                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::39                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::40                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::41                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::42                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::43                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::44                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::45                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::46                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::47                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::48                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::49                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::50                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::51                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::52                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::53                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::54                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::55                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::56                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::57                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::58                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::59                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::60                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::61                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::62                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::63                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::64                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::65                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::66                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::67                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::68                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::69                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::70                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::71                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::72                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::73                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::74                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::75                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::76                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::77                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::78                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::79                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::80                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::81                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::82                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::83                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::84                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::85                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::86                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::87                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::88                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::89                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::90                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::91                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::92                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::93                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::94                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::95                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::96                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::97                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::98                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::99                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::100                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::101                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::102                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::103                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::104                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::105                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::106                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::107                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::108                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::109                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::110                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::111                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::112                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::113                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::114                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::115                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::116                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::117                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::118                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::119                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::120                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::121                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::122                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::123                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::124                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::125                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::126                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::127                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::128                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::129                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::130                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::131                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::132                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::133                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::134                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::135                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::136                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::137                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::138                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::139                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::140                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::141                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::142                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::143                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::144                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::145                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::146                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::147                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::148                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::149                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::150                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::151                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::152                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::153                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::154                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::155                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::156                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::157                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::158                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::159                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::160                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::161                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::162                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::163                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::164                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::165                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::166                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::167                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::168                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::169                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::170                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::171                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::172                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::173                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::174                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::175                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::176                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::177                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::178                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::179                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::180                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::181                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::182                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::183                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::184                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::185                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::186                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::187                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::188                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::189                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::190                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::191                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::192                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::193                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::194                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::195                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::196                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::197                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::198                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::199                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::200                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::201                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::202                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::203                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::204                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::205                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::206                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::207                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::208                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::209                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::210                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::211                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::212                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::213                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::214                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::215                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::216                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::217                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::218                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::219                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::220                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::221                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::222                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::223                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::224                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::225                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::226                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::227                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::228                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::229                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::230                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::231                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::232                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::233                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::234                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::235                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::236                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::237                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::238                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::239                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::240                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::241                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::242                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::243                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::244                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::245                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::246                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::247                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::248                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::249                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::250                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::251                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::252                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::253                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::254                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::255                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::256                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::257                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::258                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::259                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::260                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::261                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::262                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::263                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::264                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::265                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::266                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::267                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::268                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::269                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::270                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::271                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::272                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::273                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::total              0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::0                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::1                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::2                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::3                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::4                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::5                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::6                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::7                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::8                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::9                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::10                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::11                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::12                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::13                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::14                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::15                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::16                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::17                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::18                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::19                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::20                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::21                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::22                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::23                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::24                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::25                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::26                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::27                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::28                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::29                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::30                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::31                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::32                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::33                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::34                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::35                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::36                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::37                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::38                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::39                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::40                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::41                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::42                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::43                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::44                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::45                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::46                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::47                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::48                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::49                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::50                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::51                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::52                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::53                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::54                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::55                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::56                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::57                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::58                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::59                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::60                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::61                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::62                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::63                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::64                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::65                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::66                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::67                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::68                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::69                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::70                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::71                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::72                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::73                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::74                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::75                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::76                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::77                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::78                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::79                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::80                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::81                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::82                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::83                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::84                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::85                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::86                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::87                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::88                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::89                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::90                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::91                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::92                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::93                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::94                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::95                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::96                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::97                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::98                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::99                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::100                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::101                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::102                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::103                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::104                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::105                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::106                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::107                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::108                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::109                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::110                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::111                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::112                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::113                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::114                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::115                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::116                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::117                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::118                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::119                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::120                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::121                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::122                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::123                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::124                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::125                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::126                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::127                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::128                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::129                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::130                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::131                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::132                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::133                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::134                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::135                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::136                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::137                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::138                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::139                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::140                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::141                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::142                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::143                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::144                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::145                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::146                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::147                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::148                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::149                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::150                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::151                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::152                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::153                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::154                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::155                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::156                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::157                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::158                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::159                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::160                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::161                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::162                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::163                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::164                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::165                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::166                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::167                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::168                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::169                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::170                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::171                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::172                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::173                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::174                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::175                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::176                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::177                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::178                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::179                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::180                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::181                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::182                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::183                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::184                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::185                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::186                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::187                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::188                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::189                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::190                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::191                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::192                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::193                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::194                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::195                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::196                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::197                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::198                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::199                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::200                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::201                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::202                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::203                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::204                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::205                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::206                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::207                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::208                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::209                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::210                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::211                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::212                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::213                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::214                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::215                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::216                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::217                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::218                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::219                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::220                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::221                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::222                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::223                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::224                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::225                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::226                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::227                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::228                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::229                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::230                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::231                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::232                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::233                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::234                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::235                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::236                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::237                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::238                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::239                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::240                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::241                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::242                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::243                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::244                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::245                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::246                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::247                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::248                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::249                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::250                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::251                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::252                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::253                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::254                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::255                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::256                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::257                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::258                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::259                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::260                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::261                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::262                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::263                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::264                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::265                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::266                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::267                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::268                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::269                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::270                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::271                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::272                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::273                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::total              0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::0                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::1                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::2                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::3                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::4                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::5                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::6                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::7                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::8                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::9                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::10                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::11                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::12                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::13                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::14                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::15                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::16                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::17                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::18                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::19                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::20                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::21                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::22                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::23                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::24                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::25                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::26                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::27                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::28                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::29                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::30                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::31                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::32                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::33                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::34                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::35                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::36                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::37                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::38                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::39                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::40                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::41                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::42                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::43                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::44                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::45                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::46                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::47                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::48                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::49                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::50                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::51                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::52                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::53                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::54                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::55                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::56                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::57                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::58                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::59                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::60                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::61                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::62                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::63                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::64                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::65                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::66                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::67                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::68                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::69                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::70                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::71                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::72                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::73                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::74                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::75                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::76                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::77                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::78                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::79                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::80                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::81                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::82                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::83                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::84                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::85                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::86                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::87                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::88                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::89                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::90                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::91                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::92                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::93                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::94                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::95                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::96                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::97                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::98                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::99                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::100                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::101                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::102                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::103                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::104                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::105                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::106                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::107                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::108                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::109                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::110                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::111                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::112                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::113                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::114                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::115                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::116                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::117                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::118                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::119                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::120                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::121                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::122                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::123                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::124                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::125                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::126                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::127                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::128                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::129                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::130                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::131                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::132                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::133                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::134                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::135                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::136                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::137                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::138                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::139                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::140                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::141                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::142                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::143                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::144                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::145                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::146                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::147                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::148                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::149                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::150                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::151                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::152                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::153                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::154                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::155                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::156                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::157                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::158                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::159                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::160                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::161                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::162                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::163                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::164                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::165                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::166                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::167                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::168                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::169                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::170                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::171                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::172                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::173                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::174                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::175                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::176                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::177                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::178                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::179                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::180                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::181                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::182                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::183                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::184                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::185                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::186                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::187                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::188                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::189                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::190                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::191                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::192                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::193                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::194                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::195                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::196                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::197                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::198                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::199                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::200                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::201                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::202                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::203                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::204                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::205                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::206                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::207                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::208                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::209                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::210                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::211                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::212                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::213                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::214                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::215                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::216                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::217                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::218                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::219                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::220                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::221                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::222                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::223                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::224                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::225                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::226                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::227                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::228                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::229                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::230                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::231                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::232                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::233                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::234                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::235                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::236                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::237                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::238                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::239                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::240                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::241                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::242                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::243                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::244                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::245                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::246                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::247                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::248                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::249                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::250                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::251                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::252                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::253                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::254                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::255                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::256                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::257                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::258                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::259                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::260                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::261                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::262                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::263                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::264                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::265                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::266                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::267                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::268                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::269                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::270                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::271                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::272                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::273                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::total              0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::0                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::1                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::2                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::3                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::4                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::5                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::6                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::7                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::8                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::9                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::10                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::11                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::12                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::13                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::14                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::15                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::16                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::17                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::18                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::19                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::20                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::21                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::22                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::23                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::24                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::25                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::26                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::27                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::28                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::29                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::30                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::31                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::32                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::33                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::34                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::35                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::36                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::37                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::38                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::39                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::40                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::41                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::42                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::43                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::44                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::45                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::46                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::47                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::48                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::49                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::50                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::51                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::52                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::53                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::54                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::55                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::56                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::57                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::58                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::59                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::60                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::61                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::62                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::63                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::64                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::65                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::66                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::67                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::68                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::69                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::70                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::71                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::72                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::73                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::74                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::75                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::76                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::77                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::78                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::79                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::80                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::81                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::82                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::83                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::84                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::85                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::86                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::87                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::88                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::89                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::90                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::91                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::92                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::93                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::94                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::95                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::96                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::97                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::98                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::99                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::100                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::101                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::102                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::103                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::104                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::105                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::106                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::107                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::108                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::109                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::110                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::111                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::112                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::113                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::114                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::115                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::116                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::117                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::118                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::119                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::120                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::121                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::122                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::123                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::124                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::125                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::126                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::127                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::128                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::129                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::130                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::131                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::132                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::133                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::134                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::135                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::136                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::137                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::138                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::139                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::140                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::141                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::142                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::143                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::144                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::145                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::146                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::147                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::148                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::149                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::150                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::151                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::152                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::153                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::154                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::155                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::156                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::157                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::158                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::159                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::160                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::161                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::162                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::163                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::164                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::165                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::166                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::167                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::168                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::169                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::170                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::171                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::172                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::173                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::174                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::175                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::176                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::177                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::178                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::179                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::180                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::181                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::182                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::183                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::184                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::185                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::186                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::187                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::188                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::189                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::190                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::191                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::192                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::193                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::194                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::195                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::196                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::197                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::198                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::199                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::200                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::201                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::202                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::203                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::204                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::205                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::206                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::207                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::208                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::209                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::210                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::211                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::212                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::213                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::214                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::215                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::216                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::217                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::218                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::219                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::220                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::221                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::222                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::223                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::224                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::225                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::226                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::227                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::228                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::229                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::230                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::231                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::232                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::233                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::234                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::235                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::236                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::237                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::238                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::239                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::240                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::241                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::242                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::243                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::244                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::245                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::246                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::247                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::248                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::249                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::250                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::251                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::252                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::253                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::254                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::255                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::256                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::257                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::258                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::259                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::260                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::261                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::262                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::263                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::264                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::265                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::266                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::267                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::268                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::269                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::270                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::271                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::272                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::273                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::total              0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::0                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::1                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::2                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::3                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::4                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::5                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::6                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::7                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::8                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::total              0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::0            883610                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::1            424755                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::2            474537                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::3            347530                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::total       2130432                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::0        595423                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::1        286530                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::2        288001                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::3        960478                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::4             0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::total      2130432                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           490.781882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1049269724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              8322                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          126083.840904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      72492139121175                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     0.049926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   470.857197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst    19.874760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.919643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.038818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.958558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        8394241834                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       8394241834                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 72513350974422                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1001775835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     47493889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1049269724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1001775835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     47493889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1049269724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1001775835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     47493889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1049269724                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         3087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          9465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         3087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           9465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6375                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         3087                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          9465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       276057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    510899922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    262417653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    773593632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst       276057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    510899922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    262417653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    773593632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       276057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    510899922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    262417653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    773593632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1001782210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     47496976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1049279189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1001782210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     47496976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1049279189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1001782210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     47496976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1049279189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        92019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80141.164235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 85007.338192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81732.026624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        92019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80141.164235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 85007.338192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81732.026624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        92019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80141.164235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 85007.338192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81732.026624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          208                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    69.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::0                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::1                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::2                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::3                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.total_trans::total                0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7810                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              7810                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst         1142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst         1142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst         1142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1143                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       183150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    506654172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    158843997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    665681319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       183150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    506654172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    158843997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    665681319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       183150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    506654172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    158843997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    665681319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        91575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79475.164235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 81667.864781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79990.545422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        91575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79475.164235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 81667.864781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79990.545422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        91575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79475.164235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 81667.864781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79990.545422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 72513350974422                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2.tags.replacements              25995228                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::0                    0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::1                    0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::2                    0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::3                    0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::4                    0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::5                    0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::6                    0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::7                    0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::8                    0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::9                    0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::10                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::11                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::12                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::13                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::14                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::15                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::16                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::17                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::18                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::19                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::20                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::21                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::22                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::23                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::24                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::25                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::26                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::27                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::28                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::29                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::30                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::31                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::32                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::33                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::34                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::35                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::36                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::37                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::38                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::39                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::40                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::41                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::42                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::43                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::44                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::45                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::46                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::47                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::48                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::49                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::50                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::51                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::52                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::53                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::54                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::55                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::56                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::57                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::58                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::59                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::60                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::61                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::62                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::63                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::64                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::65                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::66                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::67                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::68                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::69                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::70                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::71                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::72                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::73                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::74                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::75                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::76                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::77                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::78                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::79                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::80                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::81                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::82                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::83                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::84                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::85                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::86                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::87                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::88                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::89                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::90                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::91                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::92                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::93                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::94                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::95                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::96                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::97                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::98                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::99                   0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::100                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::101                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::102                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::103                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::104                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::105                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::106                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::107                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::108                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::109                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::110                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::111                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::112                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::113                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::114                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::115                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::116                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::117                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::118                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::119                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::120                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::121                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::122                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::123                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::124                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::125                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::126                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::127                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::128                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::129                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::130                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::131                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::132                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::133                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::134                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::135                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::136                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::137                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::138                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::139                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::140                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::141                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::142                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::143                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::144                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::145                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::146                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::147                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::148                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::149                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::150                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::151                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::152                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::153                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::154                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::155                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::156                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::157                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::158                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::159                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::160                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::161                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::162                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::163                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::164                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::165                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::166                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::167                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::168                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::169                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::170                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::171                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::172                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::173                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::174                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::175                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::176                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::177                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::178                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::179                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::180                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::181                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::182                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::183                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::184                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::185                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::186                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::187                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::188                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::189                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::190                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::191                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::192                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::193                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::194                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::195                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::196                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::197                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::198                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::199                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::200                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::201                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::202                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::203                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::204                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::205                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::206                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::207                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::208                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::209                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::210                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::211                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::212                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::213                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::214                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::215                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::216                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::217                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::218                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::219                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::220                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::221                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::222                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::223                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::224                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::225                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::226                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::227                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::228                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::229                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::230                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::231                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::232                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::233                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::234                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::235                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::236                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::237                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::238                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::239                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::240                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::241                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::242                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::243                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::244                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::245                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::246                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::247                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::248                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::249                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::250                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::251                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::252                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::253                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::254                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::255                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::256                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::257                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::258                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::259                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::260                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::261                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::262                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::263                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::264                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::265                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::266                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::267                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::268                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::269                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::270                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::271                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::272                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::273                  0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_Reps::total                0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ranks                      0                       # Total number of rank to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_invalid_fill               0                       # Total number of fill in to invalid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::0                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::1                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::2                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::3                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::4                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::5                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::6                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::7                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::8                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::9                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::10                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::11                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::12                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::13                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::14                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::15                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::16                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::17                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::18                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::19                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::20                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::21                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::22                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::23                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::24                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::25                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::26                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::27                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::28                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::29                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::30                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::31                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::32                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::33                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::34                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::35                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::36                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::37                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::38                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::39                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::40                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::41                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::42                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::43                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::44                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::45                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::46                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::47                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::48                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::49                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::50                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::51                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::52                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::53                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::54                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::55                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::56                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::57                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::58                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::59                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::60                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::61                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::62                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::63                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::64                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::65                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::66                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::67                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::68                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::69                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::70                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::71                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::72                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::73                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::74                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::75                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::76                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::77                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::78                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::79                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::80                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::81                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::82                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::83                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::84                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::85                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::86                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::87                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::88                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::89                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::90                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::91                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::92                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::93                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::94                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::95                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::96                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::97                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::98                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::99                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::100                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::101                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::102                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::103                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::104                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::105                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::106                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::107                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::108                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::109                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::110                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::111                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::112                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::113                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::114                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::115                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::116                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::117                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::118                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::119                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::120                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::121                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::122                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::123                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::124                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::125                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::126                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::127                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::128                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::129                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::130                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::131                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::132                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::133                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::134                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::135                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::136                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::137                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::138                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::139                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::140                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::141                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::142                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::143                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::144                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::145                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::146                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::147                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::148                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::149                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::150                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::151                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::152                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::153                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::154                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::155                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::156                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::157                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::158                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::159                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::160                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::161                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::162                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::163                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::164                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::165                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::166                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::167                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::168                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::169                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::170                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::171                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::172                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::173                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::174                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::175                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::176                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::177                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::178                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::179                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::180                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::181                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::182                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::183                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::184                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::185                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::186                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::187                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::188                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::189                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::190                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::191                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::192                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::193                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::194                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::195                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::196                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::197                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::198                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::199                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::200                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::201                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::202                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::203                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::204                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::205                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::206                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::207                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::208                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::209                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::210                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::211                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::212                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::213                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::214                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::215                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::216                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::217                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::218                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::219                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::220                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::221                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::222                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::223                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::224                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::225                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::226                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::227                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::228                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::229                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::230                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::231                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::232                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::233                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::234                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::235                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::236                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::237                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::238                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::239                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::240                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::241                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::242                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::243                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::244                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::245                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::246                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::247                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::248                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::249                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::250                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::251                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::252                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::253                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::254                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::255                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::256                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::257                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::258                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::259                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::260                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::261                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::262                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::263                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::264                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::265                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::266                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::267                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::268                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::269                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::270                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::271                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::272                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::273                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::total                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::0                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::1                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::2                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::3                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::4                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::5                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::6                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::7                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::8                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::9                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::10                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::11                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::12                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::13                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::14                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::15                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::16                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::17                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::18                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::19                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::20                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::21                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::22                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::23                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::24                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::25                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::26                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::27                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::28                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::29                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::30                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::31                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::32                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::33                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::34                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::35                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::36                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::37                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::38                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::39                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::40                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::41                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::42                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::43                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::44                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::45                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::46                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::47                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::48                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::49                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::50                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::51                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::52                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::53                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::54                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::55                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::56                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::57                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::58                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::59                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::60                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::61                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::62                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::63                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::64                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::65                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::66                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::67                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::68                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::69                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::70                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::71                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::72                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::73                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::74                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::75                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::76                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::77                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::78                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::79                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::80                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::81                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::82                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::83                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::84                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::85                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::86                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::87                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::88                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::89                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::90                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::91                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::92                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::93                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::94                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::95                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::96                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::97                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::98                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::99                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::100                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::101                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::102                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::103                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::104                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::105                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::106                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::107                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::108                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::109                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::110                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::111                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::112                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::113                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::114                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::115                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::116                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::117                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::118                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::119                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::120                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::121                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::122                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::123                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::124                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::125                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::126                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::127                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::128                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::129                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::130                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::131                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::132                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::133                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::134                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::135                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::136                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::137                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::138                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::139                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::140                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::141                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::142                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::143                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::144                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::145                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::146                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::147                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::148                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::149                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::150                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::151                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::152                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::153                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::154                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::155                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::156                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::157                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::158                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::159                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::160                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::161                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::162                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::163                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::164                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::165                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::166                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::167                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::168                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::169                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::170                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::171                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::172                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::173                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::174                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::175                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::176                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::177                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::178                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::179                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::180                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::181                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::182                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::183                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::184                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::185                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::186                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::187                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::188                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::189                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::190                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::191                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::192                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::193                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::194                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::195                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::196                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::197                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::198                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::199                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::200                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::201                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::202                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::203                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::204                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::205                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::206                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::207                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::208                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::209                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::210                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::211                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::212                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::213                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::214                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::215                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::216                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::217                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::218                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::219                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::220                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::221                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::222                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::223                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::224                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::225                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::226                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::227                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::228                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::229                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::230                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::231                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::232                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::233                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::234                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::235                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::236                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::237                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::238                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::239                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::240                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::241                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::242                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::243                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::244                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::245                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::246                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::247                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::248                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::249                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::250                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::251                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::252                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::253                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::254                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::255                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::256                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::257                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::258                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::259                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::260                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::261                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::262                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::263                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::264                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::265                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::266                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::267                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::268                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::269                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::270                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::271                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::272                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::273                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::total                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::0                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::1                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::2                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::3                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::4                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::5                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::6                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::7                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::8                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::9                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::10                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::11                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::12                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::13                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::14                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::15                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::16                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::17                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::18                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::19                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::20                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::21                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::22                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::23                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::24                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::25                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::26                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::27                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::28                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::29                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::30                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::31                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::32                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::33                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::34                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::35                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::36                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::37                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::38                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::39                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::40                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::41                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::42                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::43                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::44                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::45                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::46                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::47                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::48                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::49                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::50                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::51                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::52                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::53                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::54                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::55                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::56                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::57                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::58                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::59                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::60                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::61                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::62                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::63                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::64                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::65                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::66                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::67                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::68                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::69                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::70                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::71                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::72                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::73                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::74                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::75                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::76                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::77                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::78                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::79                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::80                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::81                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::82                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::83                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::84                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::85                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::86                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::87                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::88                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::89                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::90                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::91                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::92                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::93                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::94                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::95                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::96                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::97                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::98                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::99                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::100                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::101                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::102                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::103                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::104                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::105                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::106                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::107                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::108                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::109                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::110                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::111                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::112                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::113                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::114                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::115                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::116                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::117                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::118                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::119                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::120                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::121                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::122                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::123                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::124                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::125                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::126                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::127                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::128                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::129                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::130                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::131                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::132                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::133                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::134                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::135                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::136                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::137                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::138                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::139                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::140                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::141                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::142                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::143                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::144                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::145                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::146                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::147                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::148                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::149                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::150                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::151                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::152                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::153                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::154                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::155                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::156                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::157                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::158                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::159                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::160                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::161                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::162                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::163                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::164                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::165                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::166                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::167                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::168                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::169                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::170                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::171                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::172                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::173                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::174                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::175                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::176                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::177                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::178                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::179                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::180                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::181                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::182                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::183                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::184                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::185                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::186                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::187                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::188                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::189                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::190                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::191                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::192                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::193                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::194                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::195                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::196                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::197                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::198                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::199                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::200                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::201                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::202                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::203                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::204                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::205                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::206                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::207                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::208                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::209                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::210                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::211                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::212                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::213                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::214                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::215                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::216                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::217                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::218                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::219                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::220                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::221                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::222                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::223                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::224                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::225                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::226                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::227                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::228                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::229                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::230                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::231                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::232                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::233                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::234                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::235                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::236                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::237                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::238                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::239                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::240                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::241                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::242                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::243                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::244                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::245                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::246                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::247                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::248                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::249                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::250                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::251                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::252                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::253                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::254                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::255                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::256                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::257                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::258                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::259                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::260                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::261                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::262                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::263                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::264                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::265                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::266                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::267                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::268                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::269                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::270                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::271                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::272                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::273                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::total                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::0                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::1                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::2                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::3                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::4                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::5                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::6                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::7                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::8                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::9                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::10                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::11                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::12                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::13                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::14                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::15                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::16                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::17                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::18                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::19                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::20                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::21                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::22                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::23                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::24                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::25                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::26                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::27                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::28                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::29                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::30                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::31                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::32                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::33                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::34                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::35                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::36                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::37                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::38                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::39                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::40                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::41                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::42                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::43                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::44                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::45                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::46                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::47                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::48                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::49                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::50                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::51                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::52                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::53                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::54                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::55                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::56                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::57                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::58                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::59                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::60                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::61                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::62                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::63                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::64                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::65                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::66                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::67                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::68                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::69                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::70                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::71                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::72                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::73                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::74                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::75                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::76                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::77                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::78                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::79                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::80                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::81                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::82                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::83                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::84                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::85                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::86                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::87                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::88                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::89                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::90                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::91                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::92                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::93                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::94                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::95                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::96                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::97                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::98                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::99                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::100                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::101                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::102                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::103                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::104                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::105                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::106                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::107                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::108                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::109                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::110                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::111                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::112                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::113                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::114                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::115                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::116                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::117                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::118                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::119                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::120                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::121                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::122                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::123                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::124                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::125                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::126                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::127                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::128                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::129                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::130                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::131                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::132                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::133                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::134                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::135                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::136                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::137                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::138                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::139                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::140                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::141                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::142                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::143                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::144                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::145                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::146                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::147                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::148                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::149                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::150                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::151                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::152                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::153                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::154                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::155                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::156                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::157                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::158                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::159                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::160                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::161                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::162                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::163                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::164                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::165                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::166                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::167                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::168                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::169                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::170                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::171                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::172                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::173                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::174                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::175                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::176                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::177                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::178                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::179                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::180                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::181                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::182                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::183                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::184                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::185                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::186                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::187                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::188                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::189                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::190                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::191                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::192                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::193                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::194                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::195                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::196                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::197                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::198                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::199                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::200                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::201                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::202                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::203                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::204                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::205                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::206                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::207                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::208                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::209                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::210                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::211                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::212                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::213                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::214                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::215                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::216                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::217                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::218                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::219                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::220                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::221                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::222                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::223                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::224                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::225                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::226                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::227                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::228                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::229                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::230                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::231                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::232                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::233                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::234                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::235                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::236                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::237                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::238                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::239                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::240                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::241                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::242                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::243                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::244                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::245                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::246                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::247                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::248                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::249                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::250                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::251                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::252                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::253                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::254                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::255                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::256                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::257                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::258                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::259                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::260                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::261                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::262                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::263                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::264                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::265                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::266                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::267                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::268                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::269                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::270                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::271                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::272                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::273                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::total                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::0                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::1                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::2                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::3                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::4                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::5                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::6                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::7                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::8                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::total                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::0            6367609842                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::1             651247598                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::2            1033149519                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::3            1359849169                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::4                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::total        9411856128                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::0        4410143828                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::1         482297654                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::2         753900004                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::3        3765514642                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::total    9411856128                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.tagsinuse              4023.770615                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_refs                34120245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.sampled_refs              25999244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_refs                  1.312355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.warmup_cycle          70030895631039                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1141.737201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.000367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.000434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.831272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2702.426680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.074096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data   178.700563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.278744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.659772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.043628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::total        0.982366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4016                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2339                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.tag_accesses             603861287                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2.tags.data_accesses            603861287                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 72513350974422                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     16366948                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total     16366948                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7810                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         7810                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2418918                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       523439                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          2942357                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total             39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1193531                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       210120                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total           1403651                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1543                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          454                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           1997                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5566907                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      1011694                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       6578601                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6760438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      1221814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::total              7984249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6760438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      1221814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::total             7984249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5279973                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1139799                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total         6419772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4832                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1491                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         6325                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     16179215                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3383252                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     19562469                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     21459188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      4523051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::total           25988566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4832                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     21459188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1491                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      4523051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::total          25988566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 349703696583                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  77607618696                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 427311315279                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       181152                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    489445065                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    153673173                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    643299390                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       196470                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1044661825800                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 215921858004                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1260583880274                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst       181152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data       196470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    489445065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1394365522383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    153673173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 293529476700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::total 1688538494943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       181152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       196470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    489445065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1394365522383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    153673173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 293529476700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::total 1688538494943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     16366948                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     16366948                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7810                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7810                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2418939                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       523445                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total      2942384                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6473504                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      1349919                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total       7823423                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         6375                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1945                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         8322                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21746122                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      4394946                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     26141070                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         6375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28219626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      5744865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::total         33972815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         6375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28219626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      5744865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::total        33972815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000009                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.815628                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.844346                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.820584                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.757961                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.766581                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.760034                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.744005                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.769805                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.748342                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.757961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.760435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.766581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.787321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::total        0.764981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.757961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.760435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.766581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.787321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::total       0.764981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66232.099403                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 68088.863647                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66561.758779                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        90576                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 101292.438949                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 103067.185111                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101707.413439                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        98235                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64568.140407                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 63820.802590                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64438.894716                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        90576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        98235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 101292.438949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64977.552850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 103067.185111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 64896.344680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64972.361112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        90576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        98235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 101292.438949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64977.552850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 103067.185111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 64896.344680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64972.361112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::0                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::1                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::2                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::3                        0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.total_trans::total                    0                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.cpu.l2.writebacks::writebacks         12619031                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2.writebacks::total              12619031                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1606                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         1606                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5279973                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1139799                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total      6419772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4832                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1491                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6325                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16179215                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3383252                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     19562469                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21459188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      4523051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total      25988566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21459188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      4523051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total     25988566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       561771                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data       176157                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       737928                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 314539076403                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  70016557356                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 384555633759                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       167832                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    457263945                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    143743113                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    601174890                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       183150                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 936908253900                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 193389399684                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1130297836734                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       167832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       183150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    457263945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1251447330303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    143743113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 263405957040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1515454645383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       167832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       183150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    457263945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1251447330303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    143743113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 263405957040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1515454645383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.815628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.844346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.820584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.757961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.766581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.744005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.769805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.748342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.757961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.760435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.766581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.787321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.757961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.760435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.766581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.787321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        26751                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 29359.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27330.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59572.099403                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 61428.863647                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59901.758779                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        83916                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94632.438949                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 96407.185111                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95047.413439                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        91575                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57908.140407                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 57160.802590                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57778.894716                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        83916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        91575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94632.438949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58317.552850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 96407.185111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 58236.344680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58312.361112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        83916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        91575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94632.438949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58317.552850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 96407.185111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 58236.344680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58312.361112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     70887028                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     36914213                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        18772                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        18772                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 72513350974422                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp      26149391                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     28986022                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7810                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict     30979612                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq      2942384                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           39                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2942423                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      7823423                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      7823423                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         8322                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     26141070                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side        24454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side    107777811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count::total         107802265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side      1032448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side   3221212160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size::total         3222244608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoops                    26001654                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             807620736                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples     62916892                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.000298                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.017271                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0           62898120     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1              18772      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total       62916892                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy    34510969152                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       8314674                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy   34910354699                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 72513350974422                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                  15336098                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::0                  3143835                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::1                      959                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::2                     1602                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::3                     1937                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::4                     8100                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::5                    11008                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::6                    12766                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::7                    10783                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::8                   398487                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::9                        8                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::10                       0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::11                       3                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::12                       5                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::13                       4                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::14                      35                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::15                      54                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::16                    3377                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::17                  389355                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::18                    2317                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::19                    4951                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::20                   11764                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::21                   11702                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::22                   18537                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::23                   16065                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::24                  105807                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::25                    1667                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::26                      14                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::27                      21                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::28                      49                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::29                      72                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::30                     104                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::31                     315                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::32                    3466                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::33                       0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::34                  289047                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::35                    3925                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::36                   10853                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::37                   15015                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::38                   25835                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::39                   23816                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::40                  115231                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::41                    2281                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::42                    1638                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::43                     113                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::44                     207                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::45                     300                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::46                     528                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::47                    1002                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::48                    5891                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::49                       0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::50                       0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::51                  302684                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::52                   10446                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::53                   15953                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::54                   31072                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::55                   25017                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::56                  106128                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::57                    4392                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::58                    2587                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::59                    2410                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::60                     712                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::61                    1006                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::62                    1647                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::63                    2513                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::64                    8363                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::65                       0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::66                       0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::67                       0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::68                  443877                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::69                   25920                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::70                   38364                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::71                   38200                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::72                   74164                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::73                    6608                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::74                    7394                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::75                    5510                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::76                    6972                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::77                    2556                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::78                    3727                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::79                    4997                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::80                   12076                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::81                       0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::82                       0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::83                       0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::84                       0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::85                  452833                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::86                   50309                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::87                   67609                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::88                   92870                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::89                   16804                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::90                   14313                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::91                   15490                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::92                   14404                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::93                   12740                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::94                    6774                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::95                    8500                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::96                   15027                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::97                       0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::98                       0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::99                       0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::100                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::101                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::102                 497453                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::103                  77446                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::104                 120616                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::105                  87139                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::106                  30318                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::107                  33013                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::108                  36774                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::109                  30162                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::110                  27543                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::111                  11841                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::112                  17660                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::113                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::114                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::115                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::116                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::117                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::118                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::119                 433822                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::120                 145363                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::121                 115080                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::122                 127883                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::123                  58789                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::124                  61706                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::125                  61799                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::126                  51682                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::127                  41642                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::128                  18524                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::129                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::130                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::131                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::132                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::133                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::134                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::135                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::136                2074532                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::137                 135152                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::138                 188683                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::139                 190569                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::140                  77916                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::141                  84695                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::142                  81636                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::143                  59117                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::144                 117296                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::145                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::146                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::147                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::148                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::149                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::150                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::151                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::152                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::153                 311224                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::154                 154996                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::155                 182323                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::156                  69379                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::157                  78431                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::158                  75968                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::159                  59996                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::160                  54521                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::161                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::162                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::163                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::164                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::165                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::166                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::167                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::168                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::169                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::170                 296418                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::171                 147089                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::172                  49619                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::173                  56745                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::174                  61001                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::175                  47953                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::176                  50077                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::177                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::178                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::179                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::180                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::181                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::182                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::183                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::184                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::185                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::186                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::187                 256151                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::188                  37594                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::189                  36945                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::190                  39839                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::191                  35083                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::192                  40218                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::193                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::194                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::195                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::196                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::197                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::198                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::199                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::200                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::201                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::202                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::203                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::204                 230650                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::205                  26315                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::206                  26223                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::207                  22682                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::208                  35235                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::209                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::210                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::211                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::212                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::213                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::214                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::215                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::216                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::217                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::218                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::219                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::220                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::221                 223478                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::222                  20237                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::223                  15059                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::224                  20046                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::225                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::226                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::227                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::228                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::229                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::230                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::231                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::232                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::233                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::234                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::235                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::236                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::237                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::238                 222356                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::239                  13127                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::240                  15120                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::241                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::242                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::243                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::244                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::245                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::246                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::247                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::248                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::249                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::250                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::251                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::252                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::253                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::254                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::255                 180605                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::256                  15327                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::257                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::258                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::259                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::260                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::261                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::262                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::263                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::264                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::265                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::266                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::267                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::268                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::269                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::270                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::271                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::272                 424398                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::273                      0                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_Reps::total             15336098                       # Total number of replacement to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_ranks                   15336098                       # Total number of rank to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_invalid_fill             6485106                       # Total number of fill in to invalid blocks.
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::0                  690412026                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::1                     183054                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::2                     404072                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::3                     476248                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::4                    1951439                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::5                    3153879                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::6                    3821172                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::7                    2619173                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::8                   92823764                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::9                        173                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::10                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::11                       290                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::12                       622                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::13                       794                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::14                      3413                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::15                      9648                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::16                    513566                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::17                  82401031                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::18                    411835                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::19                   1144576                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::20                   2875218                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::21                   2857542                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::22                   4616073                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::23                   3124504                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::24                  18942515                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::25                    104814                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::26                      3406                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::27                      5223                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::28                      6694                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::29                     11192                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::30                     20111                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::31                     56125                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::32                    575009                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::33                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::34                  54042117                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::35                    649750                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::36                   2457552                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::37                   3460465                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::38                   5889818                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::39                   4714457                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::40                  21524154                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::41                    207612                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::42                    138170                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::43                     18435                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::44                     30803                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::45                     45776                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::46                     92939                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::47                    171647                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::48                    928797                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::49                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::50                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::51                  52197685                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::52                   1735399                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::53                   3189909                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::54                   6471096                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::55                   4657528                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::56                  19082297                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::57                    426849                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::58                    275136                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::59                    240826                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::60                    104969                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::61                    168768                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::62                    260966                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::63                    423920                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::64                   1375136                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::65                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::66                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::67                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::68                  70321045                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::69                   4585098                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::70                   7550716                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::71                   7545739                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::72                  12414490                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::73                    774965                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::74                    816902                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::75                    637618                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::76                    805561                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::77                    412108                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::78                    591981                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::79                    798052                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::80                   1939366                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::81                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::82                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::83                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::84                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::85                  70328224                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::86                   9044891                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::87                  12751438                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::88                  16054522                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::89                   2218581                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::90                   1702203                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::91                   1829966                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::92                   1695974                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::93                   1548428                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::94                   1091895                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::95                   1362462                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::96                   2421635                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::97                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::98                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::99                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::100                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::101                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::102                 72430898                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::103                 13317587                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::104                 20294705                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::105                 15484667                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::106                  3809902                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::107                  3856508                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::108                  4295248                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::109                  3518164                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::110                  3308238                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::111                  1886889                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::112                  2758676                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::113                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::114                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::115                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::116                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::117                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::118                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::119                 61006562                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::120                 22289103                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::121                 17850395                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::122                 22086575                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::123                  7254732                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::124                  7171982                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::125                  7130693                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::126                  6032069                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::127                  4904929                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::128                  2911445                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::129                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::130                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::131                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::132                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::133                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::134                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::135                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::136                262646041                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::137                 19476632                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::138                 28770904                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::139                 29324072                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::140                  9338174                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::141                  9912800                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::142                  9364096                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::143                  6766804                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::144                 12476049                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::145                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::146                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::147                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::148                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::149                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::150                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::151                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::152                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::153                 41514678                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::154                 22672298                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::155                 25765847                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::156                  8937540                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::157                  9492771                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::158                  8991048                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::159                  7023949                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::160                  6388105                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::161                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::162                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::163                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::164                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::165                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::166                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::167                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::168                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::169                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::170                 41661809                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::171                 20834096                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::172                  6329622                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::173                  7047627                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::174                  7424162                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::175                  5708741                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::176                  6069029                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::177                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::178                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::179                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::180                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::181                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::182                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::183                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::184                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::185                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::186                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::187                 36069628                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::188                  4867149                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::189                  4633670                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::190                  5050801                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::191                  4452809                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::192                  4958956                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::193                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::194                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::195                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::196                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::197                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::198                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::199                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::200                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::201                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::202                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::203                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::204                 32340752                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::205                  3334325                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::206                  3332907                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::207                  2889314                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::208                  4330056                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::209                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::210                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::211                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::212                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::213                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::214                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::215                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::216                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::217                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::218                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::219                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::220                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::221                 30615881                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::222                  2572378                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::223                  1916219                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::224                  2533064                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::225                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::226                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::227                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::228                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::229                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::230                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::231                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::232                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::233                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::234                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::235                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::236                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::237                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::238                 29897983                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::239                  1610058                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::240                  1768837                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::241                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::242                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::243                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::244                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::245                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::246                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::247                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::248                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::249                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::250                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::251                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::252                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::253                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::254                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::255                 24349308                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::256                  1808559                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::257                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::258                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::259                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::260                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::261                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::262                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::263                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::264                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::265                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::266                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::267                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::268                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::269                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::270                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::271               1219708704                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::272                 49094820                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::273                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::total             3719429076                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::0                   35502207                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::1                      17755                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::2                      12789                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::3                      14515                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::4                      63705                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::5                     120465                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::6                     150214                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::7                     172890                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::8                    3651825                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::9                         43                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::10                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::11                       102                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::12                       186                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::13                       173                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::14                       886                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::15                      2304                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::16                    140052                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::17                   6897252                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::18                     55056                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::19                     43485                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::20                     86847                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::21                    118312                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::22                    194210                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::23                    320675                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::24                   2488006                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::25                     72722                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::26                       912                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::27                      1280                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::28                      1848                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::29                      2873                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::30                      5261                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::31                     14193                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::32                    150147                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::33                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::34                   6480713                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::35                    120755                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::36                    119699                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::37                    180647                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::38                    346780                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::39                    530787                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::40                   2938890                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::41                     87461                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::42                     73536                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::43                      4668                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::44                      8177                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::45                     10988                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::46                     23107                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::47                     42904                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::48                    236283                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::49                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::50                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::51                   7139392                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::52                    313485                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::53                    319577                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::54                    483887                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::55                    561542                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::56                   2802872                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::57                    173440                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::58                    108652                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::59                    100329                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::60                     27530                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::61                     42782                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::62                     64298                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::63                    102690                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::64                    344807                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::65                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::66                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::67                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::68                  10367947                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::69                    721100                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::70                    770475                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::71                    760495                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::72                   1889283                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::73                    264224                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::74                    307396                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::75                    226384                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::76                    289774                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::77                    105891                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::78                    148120                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::79                    194829                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::80                    480544                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::81                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::82                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::83                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::84                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::85                  11504647                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::86                   1351643                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::87                   1504712                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::88                   2145009                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::89                    644038                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::90                    609956                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::91                    651578                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::92                    581807                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::93                    490810                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::94                    277499                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::95                    334635                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::96                    596902                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::97                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::98                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::99                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::100                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::101                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::102                 13723340                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::103                  2228202                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::104                  3040230                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::105                  1973798                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::106                  1228745                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::107                  1358477                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::108                  1476038                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::109                  1161127                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::110                  1034179                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::111                   468231                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::112                   689155                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::113                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::114                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::115                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::116                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::117                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::118                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::119                 14203101                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::120                  4078872                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::121                  3605411                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::122                  3097708                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::123                  2375172                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::124                  2464318                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::125                  2401540                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::126                  1987577                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::127                  1511548                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::128                   729693                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::129                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::130                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::131                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::132                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::133                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::134                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::135                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::136                 46196262                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::137                  4749203                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::138                  5789296                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::139                  5346854                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::140                  3212354                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::141                  3353217                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::142                  3122125                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::143                  2191874                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::144                  4164425                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::145                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::146                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::147                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::148                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::149                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::150                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::151                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::152                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::153                 12166994                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::154                  5320439                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::155                  6060938                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::156                  2803979                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::157                  3162077                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::158                  2970020                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::159                  2292134                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::160                  2078634                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::161                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::162                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::163                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::164                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::165                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::166                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::167                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::168                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::169                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::170                 11572736                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::171                  4819329                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::172                  2068024                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::173                  2325980                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::174                  2434555                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::175                  1825023                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::176                  1908263                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::177                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::178                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::179                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::180                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::181                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::182                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::183                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::184                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::185                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::186                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::187                  9923847                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::188                  1583497                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::189                  1512917                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::190                  1615005                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::191                  1369387                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::192                  1507674                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::193                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::194                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::195                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::196                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::197                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::198                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::199                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::200                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::201                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::202                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::203                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::204                  9090059                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::205                  1109057                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::206                  1079102                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::207                   881557                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::208                  1291291                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::209                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::210                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::211                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::212                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::213                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::214                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::215                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::216                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::217                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::218                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::219                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::220                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::221                  8104165                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::222                   851880                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::223                   605140                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::224                   760401                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::225                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::226                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::227                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::228                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::229                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::230                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::231                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::232                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::233                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::234                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::235                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::236                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::237                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::238                  7625796                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::239                   532380                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::240                   569574                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::241                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::242                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::243                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::244                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::245                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::246                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::247                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::248                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::249                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::250                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::251                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::252                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::253                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::254                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::255                  5901768                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::256                   611652                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::257                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::258                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::259                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::260                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::261                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::262                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::263                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::264                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::265                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::266                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::267                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::268                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::269                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::270                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::271                105606001                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::272                 13185134                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::273                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::total              493402047                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::0                   51351087                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::1                      15541                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::2                       8743                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::3                      10812                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::4                      46758                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::5                      84057                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::6                     120142                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::7                     164375                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::8                    4827617                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::9                         21                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::10                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::11                        57                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::12                       100                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::13                       164                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::14                       642                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::15                      1906                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::16                     95717                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::17                   8226212                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::18                     71713                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::19                     40380                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::20                     76466                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::21                     99369                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::22                    175680                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::23                    314622                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::24                   3152220                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::25                    183696                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::26                       707                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::27                      1191                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::28                      1367                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::29                      2589                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::30                      4380                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::31                     10723                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::32                    114644                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::33                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::34                  10363275                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::35                    178041                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::36                    162457                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::37                    205278                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::38                    350351                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::39                    511678                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::40                   3680496                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::41                    210562                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::42                    162893                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::43                      3810                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::44                      6613                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::45                      9581                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::46                     20413                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::47                     35097                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::48                    192692                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::49                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::50                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::51                  14822608                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::52                    528887                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::53                    458660                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::54                    631762                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::55                    647005                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::56                   3573992                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::57                    374907                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::58                    221408                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::59                    206612                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::60                     23720                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::61                     37441                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::62                     56907                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::63                     88946                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::64                    291963                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::65                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::66                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::67                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::68                  28256316                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::69                   1174358                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::70                   1220098                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::71                   1105572                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::72                   2784441                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::73                    500912                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::74                    606191                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::75                    445960                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::76                    580798                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::77                     92844                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::78                    133663                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::79                    174210                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::80                    426428                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::81                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::82                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::83                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::84                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::85                  29147494                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::86                   2195523                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::87                   2387224                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::88                   3962279                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::89                   1149884                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::90                   1092171                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::91                   1278647                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::92                   1174218                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::93                    944931                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::94                    254297                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::95                    309056                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::96                    548287                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::97                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::98                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::99                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::100                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::101                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::102                 34997738                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::103                  3404987                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::104                  5855826                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::105                  4356784                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::106                  2097012                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::107                  2531625                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::108                  2983619                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::109                  2423077                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::110                  2116794                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::111                   438001                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::112                   650458                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::113                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::114                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::115                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::116                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::117                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::118                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::119                 30189388                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::120                  8009507                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::121                  6144396                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::122                  6840036                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::123                  4174801                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::124                  4757818                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::125                  5003996                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::126                  4250084                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::127                  3348185                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::128                   719055                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::129                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::130                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::131                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::132                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::133                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::134                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::135                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::136                197642165                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::137                  7432583                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::138                 10372085                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::139                 10828014                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::140                  5906462                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::141                  6600598                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::142                  6770291                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::143                  4858646                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::144                 11175682                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::145                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::146                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::147                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::148                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::149                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::150                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::151                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::152                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::153                 20090922                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::154                  8445782                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::155                 10336858                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::156                  4783416                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::157                  5778528                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::158                  5844054                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::159                  4812648                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::160                  4332660                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::161                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::162                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::163                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::164                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::165                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::166                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::167                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::168                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::169                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::170                 17798838                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::171                  8171186                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::172                  3246430                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::173                  3881807                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::174                  4412557                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::175                  3471030                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::176                  3684679                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::177                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::178                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::179                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::180                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::181                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::182                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::183                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::184                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::185                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::186                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::187                 15715170                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::188                  2411767                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::189                  2345405                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::190                  2669331                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::191                  2413233                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::192                  2748505                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::193                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::194                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::195                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::196                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::197                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::198                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::199                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::200                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::201                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::202                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::203                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::204                 14949351                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::205                  1689883                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::206                  1722416                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::207                  1479156                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::208                  2376853                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::209                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::210                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::211                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::212                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::213                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::214                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::215                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::216                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::217                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::218                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::219                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::220                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::221                 14996609                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::222                  1371942                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::223                   992862                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::224                  1354502                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::225                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::226                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::227                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::228                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::229                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::230                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::231                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::232                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::233                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::234                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::235                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::236                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::237                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::238                 16017743                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::239                   912782                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::240                  1007730                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::241                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::242                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::243                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::244                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::245                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::246                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::247                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::248                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::249                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::250                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::251                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::252                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::253                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::254                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::255                 13821591                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::256                  1137755                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::257                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::258                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::259                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::260                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::261                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::262                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::263                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::264                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::265                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::266                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::267                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::268                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::269                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::270                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::271                272358215                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::272                 38482003                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::273                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::total             1108153467                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::0                    9697624                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::1                       6882                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::2                       7804                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::3                      10937                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::4                      48050                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::5                     105535                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::6                     142712                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::7                     154730                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::8                    3666778                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::9                         19                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::10                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::11                        63                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::12                       116                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::13                       149                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::14                       691                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::15                      1502                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::16                     99305                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::17                   2408433                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::18                     23828                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::19                     28263                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::20                     67517                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::21                     86121                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::22                    165781                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::23                    268103                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::24                   2125995                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::25                     49392                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::26                       607                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::27                      1010                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::28                      1355                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::29                      2290                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::30                      3784                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::31                     10863                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::32                    113032                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::33                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::34                   2413863                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::35                     48318                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::36                     77572                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::37                    129546                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::38                    271803                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::39                    437510                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::40                   2466124                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::41                     58589                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::42                     45241                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::43                      3551                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::44                      5863                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::45                      8919                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::46                     19445                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::47                     33488                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::48                    190260                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::49                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::50                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::51                   2924731                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::52                    131477                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::53                    184430                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::54                    351303                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::55                    426405                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::56                   2307879                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::57                    100516                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::58                     64756                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::59                     62793                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::60                     20677                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::61                     34145                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::62                     52005                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::63                     86140                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::64                    281598                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::65                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::66                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::67                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::68                   4697444                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::69                    326484                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::70                    474967                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::71                    560162                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::72                   1463594                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::73                    151035                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::74                    175687                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::75                    140790                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::76                    183451                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::77                     84709                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::78                    121820                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::79                    162829                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::80                    404350                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::81                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::82                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::83                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::84                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::85                   5179635                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::86                    652871                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::87                    922066                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::88                   1455470                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::89                    352041                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::90                    340950                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::91                    395457                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::92                    377249                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::93                    341271                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::94                    225397                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::95                    283767                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::96                    514072                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::97                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::98                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::99                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::100                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::101                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::102                  6555928                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::103                  1093000                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::104                  1734295                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::105                  1014063                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::106                   677461                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::107                   805582                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::108                   921639                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::109                   788320                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::110                   749493                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::111                   397919                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::112                   597007                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::113                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::114                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::115                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::116                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::117                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::118                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::119                  6563317                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::120                  2069238                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::121                  1818294                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::122                  1665281                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::123                  1351007                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::124                  1524986                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::125                  1579227                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::126                  1361502                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::127                  1142218                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::128                   645375                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::129                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::130                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::131                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::132                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::133                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::134                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::135                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::136                 25378572                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::137                  2297166                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::138                  3114819                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::139                  3170500                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::140                  1939554                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::141                  2154249                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::142                  2094912                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::143                  1565716                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::144                  3123236                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::145                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::146                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::147                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::148                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::149                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::150                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::151                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::152                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::153                  5099214                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::154                  2717961                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::155                  3511877                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::156                  1673593                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::157                  2023072                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::158                  2014654                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::159                  1619365                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::160                  1586009                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::161                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::162                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::163                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::164                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::165                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::166                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::167                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::168                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::169                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::170                  5010649                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::171                  2732701                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::172                  1215060                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::173                  1475338                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::174                  1643478                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::175                  1313926                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::176                  1508717                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::177                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::178                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::179                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::180                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::181                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::182                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::183                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::184                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::185                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::186                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::187                  4435355                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::188                   860979                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::189                   946216                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::190                  1086879                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::191                  1000283                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::192                  1229921                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::193                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::194                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::195                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::196                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::197                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::198                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::199                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::200                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::201                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::202                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::203                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::204                  4005886                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::205                   638447                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::206                   705383                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::207                   646421                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::208                  1051656                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::209                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::210                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::211                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::212                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::213                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::214                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::215                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::216                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::217                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::218                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::219                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::220                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::221                  3605329                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::222                   515544                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::223                   419731                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::224                   613601                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::225                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::226                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::227                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::228                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::229                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::230                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::231                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::232                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::233                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::234                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::235                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::236                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::237                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::238                  3394414                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::239                   336524                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::240                   425251                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::241                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::242                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::243                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::244                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::245                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::246                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::247                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::248                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::249                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::250                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::251                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::252                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::253                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::254                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::255                  2826277                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::256                   408242                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::257                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::258                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::259                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::260                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::261                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::262                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::263                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::264                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::265                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::266                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::267                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::268                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::269                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::270                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::271                 62514216                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::272                  6011803                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::273                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::total              265243634                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::0                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::1                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::2                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::3                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::4                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::5                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::6                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::7                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::8                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::total                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::0                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::1                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::2                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::3                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::4                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::total                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::0                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::1                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::2                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::3                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::4                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::total                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 64990.713424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                    30145148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                  15401429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                      1.957296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle              70049188351341                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    17706.515178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.007879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.058440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    18.832422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 44427.715612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     1.709120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data  2835.874772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.270180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.677913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.043272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.991680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1009                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        16899                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        39569                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7756                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996872                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                1684946228                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses               1684946228                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 72513350974422                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     12619031                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         12619031                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2104054                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       448368                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               2552422                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          316                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6599628                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          115                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      1434577                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           8034636                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       8703682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      1882945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                 10587058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          316                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8703682                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          115                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      1882945                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                10587058                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3175919                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       691431                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             3867350                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4516                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9579587                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1376                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1948675                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        11534158                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                   2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                   2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     12755506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2640106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total               15401508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4516                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     12755506                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1376                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2640106                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total              15401508                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 261144344583                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  58507769664                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  319652114247                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       153180                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       168498                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    419654925                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 772228126206                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    132011856                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 158470399638                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 931250514303                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst        153180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data        168498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    419654925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1033372470789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    132011856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 216978169302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     1250902628550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       153180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       168498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    419654925                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1033372470789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    132011856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 216978169302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    1250902628550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     12619031                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     12619031                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5279973                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      1139799                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           6419772                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4832                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16179215                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1491                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      3383252                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      19568794                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21459188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      4523051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total             25988566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21459188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data      4523051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total            25988566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.888889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.601503                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.606625                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.602412                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.934603                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.592092                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.922871                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.575977                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.589416                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.934603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.594408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.922871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.583700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.592626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.934603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.594408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.922871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.583700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.592626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82226.386940                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 84618.377921                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82654.043272                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        76590                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        84249                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92926.245571                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80611.839133                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 95938.848837                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 81322.128953                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80738.491210                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        76590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        84249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92926.245571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81013.835969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 95938.848837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 82185.400625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81219.490231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        76590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        84249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92926.245571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81013.835969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 95938.848837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 82185.400625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81219.490231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.total_trans::0                   8114573551                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::1                    978278471                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::2                   1621303779                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::3                     45731175                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.total_trans::total              10759886976                       # toal Number of ZT,ST,HT and TT
system.l3.writebacks::writebacks              5026211                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.writebacks::total                   5026211                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         5580                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          5580                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            24                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3175919                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       691431                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        3867350                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4516                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9579587                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1376                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      1948675                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     11534158                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst              2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data              2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12755506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2640106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          15401508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst             2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data             2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12755506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2640106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         15401508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       264680                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data        91047                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       355727                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 239465362399                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  53788162297                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 293253524696                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       139417                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       154847                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    388833172                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 706837290926                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    122615871                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 145168578853                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 852517613086                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       139417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       154847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    388833172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 946302653325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    122615871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 198956741150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1145771137782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       139417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       154847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    388833172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 946302653325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst    122615871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 198956741150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1145771137782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.601503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.606625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.934603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.592092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.922871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.575977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.589416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.934603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.594408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.922871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.583700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.592626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.934603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.594408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.922871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.583700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.592626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14704.444444                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 15174.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14821.958333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75400.336847                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 77792.523472                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75828.028158                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69708.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77423.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86101.233835                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73785.779170                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 89110.371366                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 74496.044160                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73912.427165                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69708.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77423.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86101.233835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74187.778464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 89110.371366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 75359.376158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74393.438473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69708.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77423.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86101.233835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74187.778464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 89110.371366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 75359.376158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74393.438473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      30736827                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     15335319                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 72513350974422                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           11534158                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5026211                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         10309084                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               24                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           3867350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          3867350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      11534158                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     23061310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     23077025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total     46138335                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               46138335                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    653483456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    653890560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total   1307374016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1307374016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          15401532                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                15401532    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            15401532                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         30550727361                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy         30569406613                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        82418413414                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            196244738                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1364175                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        197608913                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            59719037                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            418033                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        60137070                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            255963775                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1782208                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        257745983                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits          1001782210                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                29                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses      1001782239                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 2483378393076                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               6989001508                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1000000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1000000002                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses     843966163                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses      249665104                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls             5320582                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts    135210711                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts            843966163                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts             249665104                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads   1295077315                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes    600999353                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads    254350919                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes    191916020                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs             257745983                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts           197608913                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts           60137070                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       22700.240253                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       6988978807.759747                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999997                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000003                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                 143411680                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass       5596860      0.56%      0.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu         588288650     58.72%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult           757239      0.08%     59.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     59.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd        90916177      9.08%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp        51055645      5.10%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt           50357      0.01%     73.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult        4850191      0.48%     74.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv         2520622      0.25%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMisc              0      0.00%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead        103834039     10.36%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite        53640318      5.35%     89.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemRead     93775360      9.36%     99.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemWrite      6496752      0.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total         1001782210                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.lookups      45139397                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condPredicted     42140518                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condIncorrect      1113021                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBLookups     36686045                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHits      35126209                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHitPct    95.748149                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.usedRAS        980101                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.RASInCorrect          153                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectLookups         6874                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectHits         4225                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectMisses         2649                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPredindirectMispredicted          111                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_hits           67203669                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_misses          1083318                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_acv                  24                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_accesses       68286987                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_hits          15381533                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_misses          318998                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_accesses      15700531                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_hits           82585202                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_misses          1402316                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_acv                  24                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_accesses       83987518                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_hits          47496976                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_misses             412                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_acv                  3                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_accesses      47497388                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 2483378393076                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus_1.numCycles              468567042                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.icacheStallCycles     48522126                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Insts            338053293                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Branches          45139397                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.predictedBranches     36110535                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Cycles           418302568                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.SquashCycles       2971188                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.TlbCycles              639                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.MiscStallCycles           60                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        12861                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.CacheLines        47496976                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.IcacheSquashes       366281                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.ItlbSquashes            11                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::samples    468323877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.721837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.036825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::0      406559068     86.81%     86.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::1        4704531      1.00%     87.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::2        4787075      1.02%     88.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::3        2541609      0.54%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::4        7963045      1.70%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::5       13048134      2.79%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::6        4541688      0.97%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::7        1623009      0.35%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::8       22555718      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::total    468323877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.branchRate        0.096335                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rate              0.721462                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.IdleCycles       27851684                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BlockedCycles    391469257                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.RunCycles        38917261                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.UnblockCycles      8600457                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashCycles      1485217                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BranchResolved     32661205                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BranchMispred          400                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.DecodedInsts    305589821                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashedInsts         1369                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SquashCycles      1485217                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IdleCycles       30712220                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.BlockCycles     285144545                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializeStallCycles        34930                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RunCycles        43079548                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UnblockCycles    107867416                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedInsts    298276373                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.ROBFullEvents      4059585                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IQFullEvents     15764469                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.LQFullEvents     61553733                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SQFullEvents     34077020                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedOperands    236790723                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenameLookups    457384169                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.int_rename_lookups    386886076                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.fp_rename_lookups     70498054                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.CommittedMaps    159866084                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UndoneMaps       76924569                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializingInsts          264                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.tempSerializingInsts          202                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.skidInsts        47357062                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedLoads     61153232                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedStores     19135337                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3498376                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingStores      2015521                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsAdded        290041963                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          352                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsIssued       273548545                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       239337                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     90042228                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     48978394                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          148                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    468323877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.584101                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.436659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    376199557     80.33%     80.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25741455      5.50%     85.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     19473754      4.16%     89.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     15259487      3.26%     93.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     11659204      2.49%     95.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     10374011      2.22%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4715322      1.01%     98.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2926378      0.62%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1974709      0.42%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    468323877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        477016      6.86%      6.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntMult        14094      0.20%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd       233443      3.36%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp       884561     12.72%     23.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     23.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       240988      3.47%     26.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     26.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv       580805      8.35%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3026797     43.53%     78.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       213551      3.07%     81.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead      1281684     18.43%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite         1215      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    153724487     56.20%     56.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       178493      0.07%     56.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     56.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     21693865      7.93%     64.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp     11766573      4.30%     68.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt         3847      0.00%     68.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult       908756      0.33%     68.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       598004      0.22%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     40540852     14.82%     83.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     14429548      5.27%     89.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead     28296035     10.34%     99.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite      1408085      0.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::total    273548545                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.rate                 0.583798                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_cnt           6954154                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.025422                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    889959439                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    295546611                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    196292377                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    132655018                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     84546017                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59327130                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_alu_accesses    212604838                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_alu_accesses      67897861                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2265120                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     21481501                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        15126                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8193                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      7144294                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         5957                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     12884586                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewSquashCycles      1485217                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewBlockCycles     114950232                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewUnblockCycles     47433658                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    291923675                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       148041                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     61153232                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19135337                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIQFullEvents      1076336                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     45800079                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8193                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       823666                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       564055                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.branchMispredicts      1387721                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecutedInsts    271754620                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     68287069                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1793924                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_nop             1881360                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_refs           83987631                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_branches       34660986                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_stores         15700562                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_rate           0.579970                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_sent            257604853                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_count           255619507                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_producers       153405952                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_consumers       189178891                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_rate             0.545535                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_fanout           0.810904                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.commitSquashedInsts     86478214                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          204                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branchMispredicts      1112644                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    456375508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.440905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.698156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    417295880     91.44%     91.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      9287235      2.03%     93.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3986156      0.87%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1864949      0.41%     94.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1236576      0.27%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1953157      0.43%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       731357      0.16%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       897861      0.20%     95.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     19122337      4.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    456375508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedInsts    201218348                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedOps    201218348                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.refs             51662749                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.loads            39671713                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.membars               102                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branches         28384894                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.fp_insts         51627815                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.int_insts       168624392                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.function_calls       460018                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1218344      0.61%      0.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu    117264313     58.28%     58.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult       166526      0.08%     58.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd     18908760      9.40%     68.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp     10580725      5.26%     73.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt         1376      0.00%     73.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult       880508      0.44%     74.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv       534945      0.27%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     20146501     10.01%     84.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     10794849      5.36%     89.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead     19525314      9.70%     99.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      1196187      0.59%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::total    201218348                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.bw_lim_events     19122337                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_reads          720184674                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_writes         587363346                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus_1.timesIdled                  2256                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus_1.idleCycles                243165                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus_1.committedInsts         200000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.committedOps           200000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi                     2.342835                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi_total               2.342835                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc                     0.426833                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc_total               0.426833                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_reads      353878766                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_writes     160207936                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_reads        59496871                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_writes       46501687                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.misc_regfile_reads           243                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.misc_regfile_writes          204                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     51972657                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     25984091                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           6426                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6426                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 72513350974422                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          19568794                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     17645242                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        23674920                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              27                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             27                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          6419772                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6419772                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     19568794                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     77961250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side   2470886208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                        15336098                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                 321677504                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples         41324691                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000156                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.012469                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0               41318265     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                   6426      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total           41324691                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        21509032104                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy       17308393947                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
