
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.006484                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1006484036139                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               111332702790396                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 639552                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   639552                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              536416107                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2384184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1876.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1200000011                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1200000011                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332702790396                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu.data            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2454912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         5568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.data      2054144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4531584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        16640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         5568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        22336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      2367680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2367680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu.data               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        38358                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.inst           87                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.data        32096                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              70806                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        36995                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             36995                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu.inst               127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu.data               191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        16533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      2439097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         5532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.data      2040911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              4502390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        16533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         5532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total           22192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        2352427                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             2352427                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        2352427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu.inst              127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu.data              191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        16533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      2439097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.inst         5532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.data      2040911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             6854817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      70806                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     36995                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    70806                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   36995                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4528768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2816                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                2366272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4531584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             2367680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    44                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             3713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             5098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             5058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             4422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             3894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             2308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             1532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             2026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             2877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             2417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             1911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             2403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             1830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            2294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            2769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            2840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            2151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            1981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            2354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1006478361819                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                70806                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               36995                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  65831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   4734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  1628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  1757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  2021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  2089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  2107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  2099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  2099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  2119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  2117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  2101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  2104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  2097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  2106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  2126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  2111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  2128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  2066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  2063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        50020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   137.845662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.313923                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   119.459396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        22308     44.60%     44.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        22797     45.58%     90.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2469      4.94%     95.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          943      1.89%     97.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          666      1.33%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          423      0.85%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          240      0.48%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          119      0.24%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           55      0.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        50020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2064                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.281492                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   703.563877                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         2063     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         2064                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2064                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.913275                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.881277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.070350                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             335     16.23%     16.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              79      3.83%     20.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            1206     58.43%     78.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             352     17.05%     95.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              71      3.44%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              15      0.73%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               4      0.19%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         2064                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1403551624                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2730339124                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 353810000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    19834.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               38584.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        4.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        2.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     4.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     2.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   46759                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  10956                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                66.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               29.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   9336447.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   53.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               178764180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                95015415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              252563220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              96470820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        4554482400.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy          2235109080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy           125805600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy    17977646670                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy     4216956000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    228360807615                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          258094438890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           256.431726                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime        1001219822582                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    127633541                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1928358000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 950846728639                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  10980643773                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3174332897                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  39426339289                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               178378620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                94810485                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              252677460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              96528240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        4469662080.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy          2243355270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy           115089600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy    17714392740                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy     4197156960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    228480814890                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          257843327235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           256.182231                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime        1001230749921                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    101854097                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1892130000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 951486216139                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  10929574744                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3227303110                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  38846958049                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332702790396                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu.data             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        16704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2452992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus_1.data      2046144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4520320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        16704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        21120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks      2367744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2367744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu.data               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        38328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.inst           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus_1.data        31971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              70630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks        36996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             36996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu.inst                64                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu.data                64                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        16596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      2437189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         4324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus_1.data      2032962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              4491199                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        16596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus_1.inst         4324                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total           20984                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks        2352490                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             2352490                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks        2352490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu.inst               64                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu.data               64                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        16596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      2437189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.inst         4324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus_1.data      2032962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             6843689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      70630                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     36996                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    70630                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   36996                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4517504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   2816                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                2366720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4520320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             2367744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    44                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             3688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             5067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             5054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             4406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            5018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             2272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             1546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             2087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             2868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             2385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             1845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             2460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             1840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            2233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            2683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            2869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            2148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            2065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            2384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1006483492683                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                70630                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               36996                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  65802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   4582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  1625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  1759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  2036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  2089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  2102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  2104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  2100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  2105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  2113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  2099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  2093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  2084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  2111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  2115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  2126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  2149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  2066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  2062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        50077                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   137.472772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.176684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   118.146821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        22447     44.82%     44.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        22826     45.58%     90.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2369      4.73%     95.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          999      1.99%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          624      1.25%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          414      0.83%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          246      0.49%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           97      0.19%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           55      0.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        50077                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.215221                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   703.175253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         2062     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         2063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2063                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.925351                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.893816                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.059460                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             320     15.51%     15.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              95      4.60%     20.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            1208     58.56%     78.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             332     16.09%     94.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              84      4.07%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              17      0.82%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               5      0.24%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         2063                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1408615854                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2732103354                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 352930000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    19956.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               38706.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        4.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        2.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     4.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     2.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   46606                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  10883                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                66.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               29.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   9351676.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   53.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               179035500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                95159625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              252042000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              96465600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        4571077680.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy          2221263780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy           126069600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy    18075364620                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy     4216130400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    228319019640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          258151882125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           256.488799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime        1001277060816                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    126861922                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1935378000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 950665500889                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  10978899693                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3139304462                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  39638091173                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy               178514280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                94882590                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              251942040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              96570000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        4472735280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy          2243716650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy           119594880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy    17725690710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy     4141946400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    228517530210                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          257843761620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           256.182663                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime        1001246510605                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    114142089                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1893532000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 951592289889                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  10786143278                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3224420506                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  38873508377                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332702790396                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                      16                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted                16                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect                13                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                    0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct                   nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups               0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                  0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses                0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                           28                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                       28                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                          14                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                      14                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                           42                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                       42                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                          30                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                      30                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    6                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1006484036139                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                              594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles                160                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                            176                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                          16                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                            29                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                      29                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.PendingDrainCycles                23                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                        30                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                    15                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples                226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.778761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.157095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                      197     87.17%     87.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                        0      0.00%     87.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                        0      0.00%     87.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                        0      0.00%     87.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                       14      6.19%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                        0      0.00%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                        0      0.00%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                        0      0.00%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                       15      6.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                  226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.026936                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.296296                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                      130                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                    54                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                        27                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                     15                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                    160                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                     15                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                      131                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                      51                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles              0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                        26                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                     3                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                    157                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                      4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands                 118                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                   250                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups              250                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                     2                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                      116                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                  0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts              0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                        11                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                   26                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                  26                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                 0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                        156                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                       108                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined             153                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined          129                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples           226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.477876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.233584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                 185     81.86%     81.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  13      5.75%     87.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  14      6.19%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                   1      0.44%     94.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                   1      0.44%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  12      5.31%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            5                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total             226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    66     61.11%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     61.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   28     25.93%     87.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  14     12.96%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                    108                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.181818                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                           0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                          0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                442                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes               309                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           89                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                   0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                    108                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads                0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads           25                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores           26                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked             2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                     15                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                      43                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                     1                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                 156                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    26                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   26                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents              0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect              0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           13                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                   13                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                   108                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    28                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                           42                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                       13                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                         14                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.181818                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                             89                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                            89                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                        33                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                        33                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.149832                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                            1                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts             153                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts                13                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples          193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.015544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.160620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0          191     98.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            1      0.52%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            1      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total          193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                    3                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                      3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                              1                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                             1                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                          1                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                         3                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu                2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead               1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total                 3                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                     0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                          348                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                         344                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                               3                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                             368                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                           3                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                             198.000000                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                       198.000000                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.005051                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.005051                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                      177                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                      62                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                        32                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332702790396                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           4495875                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::0                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::1                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::2                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::3                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::4                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::5                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::6                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::7                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::8                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::9                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::10                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::11                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::12                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::13                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::14                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::15                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::16                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::17                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::18                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::19                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::20                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::21                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::22                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::23                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::24                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::25                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::26                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::27                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::28                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::29                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::30                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::31                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::32                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::33                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::34                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::35                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::36                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::37                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::38                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::39                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::40                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::41                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::42                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::43                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::44                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::45                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::46                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::47                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::48                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::49                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::50                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::51                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::52                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::53                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::54                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::55                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::56                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::57                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::58                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::59                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::60                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::61                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::62                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::63                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::64                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::65                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::66                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::67                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::68                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::69                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::70                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::71                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::72                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::73                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::74                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::75                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::76                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::77                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::78                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::79                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::80                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::81                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::82                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::83                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::84                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::85                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::86                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::87                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::88                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::89                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::90                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::91                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::92                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::93                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::94                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::95                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::96                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::97                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::98                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::99                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::100                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::101                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::102                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::103                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::104                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::105                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::106                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::107                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::108                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::109                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::110                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::111                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::112                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::113                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::114                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::115                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::116                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::117                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::118                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::119                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::120                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::121                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::122                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::123                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::124                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::125                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::126                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::127                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::128                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::129                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::130                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::131                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::132                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::133                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::134                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::135                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::136                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::137                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::138                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::139                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::140                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::141                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::142                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::143                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::144                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::145                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::146                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::147                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::148                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::149                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::150                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::151                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::152                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::153                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::154                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::155                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::156                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::157                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::158                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::159                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::160                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::161                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::162                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::163                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::164                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::165                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::166                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::167                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::168                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::169                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::170                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::171                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::172                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::173                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::174                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::175                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::176                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::177                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::178                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::179                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::180                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::181                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::182                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::183                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::184                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::185                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::186                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::187                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::188                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::189                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::190                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::191                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::192                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::193                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::194                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::195                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::196                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::197                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::198                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::199                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::200                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::201                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::202                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::203                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::204                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::205                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::206                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::207                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::208                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::209                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::210                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::211                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::212                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::213                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::214                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::215                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::216                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::217                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::218                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::219                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::220                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::221                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::222                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::223                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::224                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::225                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::226                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::227                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::228                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::229                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::230                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::231                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::232                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::233                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::234                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::235                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::236                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::237                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::238                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::239                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::240                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::241                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::242                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::243                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::244                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::245                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::246                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::247                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::248                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::249                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::250                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::251                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::252                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::253                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::254                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::255                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::256                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ZT::257                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::0                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::1                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::2                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::3                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::4                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::5                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::6                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::7                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::8                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::9                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::10                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::11                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::12                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::13                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::14                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::15                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::16                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::17                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::18                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::19                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::20                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::21                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::22                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::23                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::24                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::25                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::26                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::27                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::28                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::29                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::30                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::31                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::32                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::33                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::34                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::35                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::36                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::37                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::38                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::39                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::40                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::41                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::42                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::43                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::44                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::45                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::46                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::47                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::48                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::49                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::50                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::51                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::52                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::53                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::54                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::55                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::56                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::57                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::58                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::59                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::60                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::61                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::62                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::63                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::64                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::65                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::66                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::67                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::68                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::69                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::70                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::71                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::72                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::73                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::74                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::75                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::76                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::77                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::78                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::79                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::80                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::81                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::82                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::83                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::84                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::85                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::86                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::87                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::88                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::89                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::90                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::91                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::92                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::93                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::94                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::95                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::96                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::97                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::98                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::99                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::100                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::101                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::102                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::103                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::104                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::105                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::106                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::107                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::108                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::109                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::110                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::111                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::112                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::113                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::114                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::115                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::116                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::117                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::118                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::119                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::120                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::121                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::122                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::123                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::124                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::125                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::126                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::127                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::128                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::129                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::130                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::131                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::132                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::133                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::134                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::135                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::136                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::137                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::138                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::139                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::140                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::141                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::142                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::143                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::144                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::145                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::146                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::147                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::148                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::149                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::150                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::151                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::152                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::153                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::154                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::155                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::156                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::157                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::158                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::159                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::160                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::161                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::162                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::163                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::164                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::165                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::166                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::167                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::168                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::169                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::170                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::171                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::172                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::173                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::174                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::175                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::176                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::177                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::178                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::179                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::180                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::181                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::182                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::183                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::184                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::185                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::186                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::187                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::188                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::189                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::190                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::191                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::192                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::193                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::194                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::195                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::196                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::197                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::198                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::199                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::200                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::201                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::202                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::203                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::204                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::205                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::206                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::207                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::208                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::209                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::210                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::211                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::212                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::213                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::214                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::215                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::216                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::217                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::218                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::219                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::220                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::221                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::222                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::223                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::224                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::225                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::226                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::227                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::228                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::229                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::230                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::231                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::232                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::233                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::234                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::235                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::236                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::237                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::238                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::239                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::240                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::241                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::242                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::243                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::244                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::245                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::246                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::247                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::248                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::249                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::250                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::251                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::252                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::253                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::254                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::255                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::256                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_ST::257                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::0                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::1                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::2                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::3                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::4                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::5                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::6                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::7                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::8                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::9                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::10                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::11                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::12                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::13                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::14                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::15                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::16                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::17                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::18                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::19                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::20                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::21                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::22                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::23                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::24                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::25                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::26                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::27                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::28                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::29                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::30                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::31                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::32                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::33                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::34                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::35                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::36                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::37                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::38                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::39                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::40                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::41                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::42                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::43                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::44                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::45                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::46                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::47                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::48                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::49                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::50                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::51                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::52                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::53                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::54                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::55                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::56                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::57                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::58                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::59                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::60                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::61                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::62                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::63                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::64                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::65                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::66                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::67                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::68                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::69                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::70                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::71                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::72                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::73                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::74                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::75                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::76                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::77                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::78                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::79                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::80                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::81                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::82                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::83                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::84                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::85                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::86                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::87                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::88                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::89                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::90                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::91                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::92                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::93                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::94                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::95                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::96                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::97                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::98                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::99                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::100                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::101                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::102                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::103                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::104                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::105                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::106                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::107                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::108                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::109                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::110                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::111                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::112                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::113                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::114                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::115                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::116                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::117                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::118                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::119                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::120                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::121                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::122                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::123                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::124                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::125                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::126                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::127                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::128                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::129                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::130                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::131                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::132                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::133                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::134                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::135                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::136                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::137                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::138                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::139                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::140                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::141                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::142                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::143                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::144                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::145                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::146                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::147                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::148                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::149                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::150                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::151                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::152                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::153                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::154                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::155                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::156                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::157                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::158                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::159                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::160                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::161                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::162                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::163                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::164                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::165                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::166                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::167                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::168                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::169                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::170                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::171                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::172                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::173                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::174                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::175                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::176                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::177                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::178                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::179                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::180                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::181                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::182                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::183                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::184                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::185                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::186                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::187                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::188                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::189                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::190                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::191                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::192                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::193                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::194                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::195                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::196                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::197                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::198                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::199                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::200                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::201                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::202                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::203                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::204                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::205                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::206                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::207                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::208                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::209                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::210                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::211                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::212                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::213                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::214                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::215                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::216                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::217                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::218                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::219                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::220                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::221                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::222                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::223                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::224                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::225                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::226                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::227                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::228                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::229                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::230                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::231                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::232                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::233                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::234                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::235                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::236                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::237                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::238                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::239                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::240                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::241                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::242                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::243                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::244                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::245                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::246                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::247                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::248                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::249                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::250                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::251                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::252                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::253                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::254                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::255                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::256                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_HT::257                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::0                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::1                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::2                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::3                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::4                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::5                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::6                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::7                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::8                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::9                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::10                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::11                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::12                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::13                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::14                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::15                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::16                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::17                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::18                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::19                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::20                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::21                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::22                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::23                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::24                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::25                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::26                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::27                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::28                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::29                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::30                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::31                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::32                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::33                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::34                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::35                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::36                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::37                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::38                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::39                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::40                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::41                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::42                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::43                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::44                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::45                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::46                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::47                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::48                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::49                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::50                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::51                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::52                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::53                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::54                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::55                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::56                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::57                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::58                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::59                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::60                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::61                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::62                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::63                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::64                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::65                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::66                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::67                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::68                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::69                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::70                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::71                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::72                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::73                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::74                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::75                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::76                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::77                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::78                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::79                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::80                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::81                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::82                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::83                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::84                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::85                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::86                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::87                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::88                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::89                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::90                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::91                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::92                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::93                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::94                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::95                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::96                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::97                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::98                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::99                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::100                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::101                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::102                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::103                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::104                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::105                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::106                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::107                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::108                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::109                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::110                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::111                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::112                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::113                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::114                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::115                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::116                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::117                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::118                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::119                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::120                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::121                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::122                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::123                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::124                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::125                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::126                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::127                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::128                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::129                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::130                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::131                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::132                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::133                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::134                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::135                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::136                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::137                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::138                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::139                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::140                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::141                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::142                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::143                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::144                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::145                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::146                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::147                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::148                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::149                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::150                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::151                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::152                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::153                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::154                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::155                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::156                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::157                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::158                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::159                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::160                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::161                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::162                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::163                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::164                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::165                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::166                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::167                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::168                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::169                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::170                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::171                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::172                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::173                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::174                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::175                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::176                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::177                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::178                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::179                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::180                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::181                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::182                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::183                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::184                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::185                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::186                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::187                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::188                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::189                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::190                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::191                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::192                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::193                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::194                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::195                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::196                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::197                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::198                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::199                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::200                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::201                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::202                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::203                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::204                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::205                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::206                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::207                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::208                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::209                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::210                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::211                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::212                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::213                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::214                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::215                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::216                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::217                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::218                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::219                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::220                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::221                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::222                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::223                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::224                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::225                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::226                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::227                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::228                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::229                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::230                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::231                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::232                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::233                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::234                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::235                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::236                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::237                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::238                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::239                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::240                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::241                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::242                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::243                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::244                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::245                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::246                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::247                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::248                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::249                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::250                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::251                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::252                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::253                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::254                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::255                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::256                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_TT::257                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::0                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::1                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::2                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::3                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::4                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::5                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::6                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::7                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::8                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::9                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::10                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::11                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::12                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::13                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::14                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::15                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::16                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::17                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::18                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::19                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::20                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::21                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::22                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::23                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::24                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::25                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::26                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::27                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::28                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::29                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::30                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::31                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::32                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::33                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::34                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::35                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::36                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::37                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::38                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::39                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::40                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::41                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::42                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::43                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::44                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::45                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::46                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::47                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::48                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::49                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::50                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::51                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::52                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::53                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::54                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::55                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::56                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::57                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::58                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::59                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::60                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::61                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::62                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::63                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::64                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::65                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::66                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::67                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::68                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::69                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::70                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::71                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::72                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::73                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::74                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::75                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::76                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::77                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::78                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::79                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::80                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::81                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::82                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::83                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::84                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::85                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::86                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::87                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::88                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::89                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::90                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::91                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::92                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::93                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::94                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::95                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::96                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::97                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::98                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::99                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::100                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::101                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::102                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::103                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::104                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::105                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::106                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::107                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::108                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::109                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::110                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::111                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::112                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::113                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::114                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::115                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::116                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::117                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::118                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::119                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::120                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::121                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::122                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::123                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::124                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::125                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::126                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::127                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::128                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::129                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::130                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::131                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::132                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::133                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::134                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::135                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::136                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::137                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::138                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::139                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::140                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::141                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::142                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::143                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::144                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::145                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::146                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::147                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::148                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::149                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::150                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::151                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::152                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::153                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::154                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::155                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::156                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::157                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::158                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::159                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::160                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::161                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::162                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::163                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::164                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::165                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::166                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::167                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::168                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::169                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::170                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::171                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::172                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::173                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::174                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::175                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::176                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::177                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::178                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::179                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::180                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::181                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::182                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::183                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::184                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::185                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::186                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::187                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::188                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::189                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::190                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::191                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::192                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::193                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::194                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::195                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::196                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::197                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::198                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::199                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::200                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::201                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::202                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::203                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::204                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::205                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::206                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::207                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::208                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::209                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::210                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::211                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::212                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::213                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::214                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::215                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::216                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::217                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::218                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::219                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::220                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::221                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::222                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::223                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::224                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::225                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::226                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::227                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::228                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::229                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::230                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::231                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::232                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::233                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::234                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::235                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::236                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::237                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::238                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::239                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::240                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::241                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::242                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::243                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::244                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::245                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::246                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::247                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::248                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::249                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::250                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::251                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::252                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::253                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::254                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::255                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::256                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::257                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ZT::total              0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::0                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::1                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::2                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::3                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::4                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::5                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::6                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::7                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::8                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::9                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::10                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::11                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::12                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::13                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::14                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::15                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::16                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::17                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::18                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::19                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::20                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::21                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::22                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::23                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::24                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::25                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::26                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::27                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::28                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::29                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::30                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::31                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::32                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::33                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::34                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::35                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::36                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::37                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::38                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::39                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::40                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::41                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::42                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::43                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::44                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::45                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::46                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::47                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::48                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::49                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::50                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::51                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::52                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::53                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::54                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::55                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::56                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::57                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::58                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::59                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::60                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::61                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::62                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::63                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::64                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::65                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::66                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::67                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::68                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::69                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::70                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::71                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::72                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::73                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::74                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::75                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::76                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::77                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::78                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::79                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::80                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::81                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::82                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::83                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::84                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::85                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::86                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::87                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::88                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::89                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::90                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::91                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::92                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::93                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::94                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::95                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::96                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::97                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::98                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::99                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::100                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::101                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::102                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::103                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::104                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::105                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::106                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::107                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::108                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::109                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::110                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::111                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::112                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::113                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::114                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::115                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::116                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::117                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::118                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::119                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::120                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::121                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::122                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::123                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::124                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::125                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::126                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::127                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::128                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::129                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::130                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::131                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::132                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::133                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::134                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::135                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::136                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::137                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::138                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::139                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::140                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::141                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::142                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::143                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::144                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::145                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::146                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::147                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::148                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::149                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::150                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::151                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::152                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::153                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::154                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::155                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::156                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::157                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::158                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::159                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::160                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::161                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::162                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::163                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::164                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::165                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::166                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::167                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::168                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::169                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::170                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::171                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::172                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::173                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::174                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::175                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::176                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::177                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::178                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::179                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::180                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::181                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::182                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::183                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::184                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::185                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::186                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::187                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::188                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::189                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::190                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::191                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::192                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::193                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::194                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::195                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::196                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::197                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::198                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::199                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::200                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::201                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::202                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::203                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::204                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::205                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::206                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::207                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::208                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::209                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::210                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::211                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::212                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::213                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::214                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::215                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::216                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::217                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::218                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::219                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::220                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::221                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::222                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::223                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::224                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::225                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::226                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::227                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::228                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::229                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::230                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::231                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::232                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::233                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::234                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::235                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::236                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::237                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::238                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::239                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::240                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::241                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::242                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::243                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::244                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::245                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::246                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::247                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::248                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::249                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::250                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::251                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::252                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::253                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::254                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::255                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::256                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::257                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_ST::total              0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::0                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::1                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::2                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::3                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::4                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::5                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::6                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::7                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::8                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::9                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::10                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::11                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::12                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::13                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::14                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::15                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::16                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::17                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::18                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::19                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::20                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::21                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::22                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::23                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::24                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::25                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::26                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::27                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::28                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::29                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::30                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::31                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::32                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::33                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::34                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::35                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::36                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::37                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::38                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::39                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::40                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::41                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::42                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::43                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::44                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::45                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::46                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::47                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::48                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::49                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::50                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::51                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::52                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::53                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::54                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::55                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::56                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::57                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::58                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::59                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::60                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::61                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::62                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::63                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::64                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::65                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::66                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::67                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::68                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::69                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::70                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::71                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::72                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::73                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::74                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::75                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::76                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::77                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::78                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::79                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::80                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::81                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::82                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::83                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::84                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::85                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::86                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::87                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::88                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::89                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::90                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::91                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::92                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::93                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::94                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::95                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::96                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::97                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::98                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::99                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::100                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::101                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::102                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::103                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::104                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::105                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::106                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::107                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::108                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::109                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::110                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::111                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::112                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::113                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::114                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::115                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::116                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::117                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::118                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::119                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::120                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::121                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::122                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::123                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::124                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::125                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::126                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::127                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::128                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::129                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::130                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::131                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::132                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::133                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::134                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::135                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::136                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::137                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::138                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::139                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::140                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::141                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::142                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::143                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::144                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::145                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::146                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::147                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::148                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::149                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::150                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::151                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::152                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::153                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::154                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::155                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::156                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::157                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::158                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::159                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::160                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::161                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::162                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::163                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::164                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::165                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::166                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::167                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::168                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::169                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::170                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::171                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::172                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::173                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::174                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::175                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::176                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::177                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::178                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::179                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::180                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::181                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::182                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::183                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::184                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::185                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::186                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::187                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::188                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::189                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::190                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::191                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::192                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::193                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::194                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::195                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::196                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::197                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::198                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::199                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::200                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::201                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::202                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::203                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::204                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::205                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::206                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::207                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::208                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::209                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::210                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::211                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::212                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::213                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::214                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::215                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::216                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::217                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::218                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::219                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::220                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::221                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::222                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::223                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::224                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::225                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::226                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::227                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::228                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::229                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::230                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::231                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::232                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::233                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::234                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::235                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::236                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::237                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::238                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::239                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::240                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::241                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::242                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::243                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::244                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::245                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::246                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::247                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::248                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::249                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::250                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::251                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::252                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::253                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::254                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::255                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::256                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::257                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_HT::total              0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::0                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::1                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::2                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::3                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::4                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::5                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::6                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::7                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::8                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::9                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::10                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::11                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::12                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::13                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::14                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::15                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::16                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::17                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::18                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::19                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::20                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::21                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::22                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::23                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::24                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::25                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::26                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::27                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::28                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::29                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::30                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::31                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::32                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::33                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::34                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::35                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::36                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::37                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::38                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::39                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::40                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::41                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::42                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::43                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::44                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::45                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::46                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::47                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::48                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::49                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::50                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::51                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::52                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::53                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::54                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::55                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::56                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::57                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::58                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::59                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::60                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::61                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::62                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::63                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::64                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::65                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::66                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::67                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::68                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::69                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::70                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::71                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::72                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::73                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::74                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::75                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::76                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::77                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::78                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::79                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::80                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::81                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::82                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::83                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::84                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::85                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::86                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::87                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::88                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::89                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::90                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::91                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::92                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::93                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::94                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::95                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::96                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::97                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::98                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::99                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::100                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::101                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::102                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::103                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::104                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::105                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::106                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::107                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::108                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::109                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::110                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::111                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::112                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::113                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::114                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::115                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::116                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::117                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::118                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::119                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::120                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::121                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::122                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::123                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::124                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::125                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::126                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::127                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::128                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::129                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::130                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::131                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::132                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::133                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::134                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::135                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::136                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::137                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::138                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::139                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::140                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::141                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::142                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::143                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::144                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::145                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::146                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::147                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::148                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::149                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::150                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::151                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::152                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::153                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::154                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::155                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::156                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::157                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::158                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::159                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::160                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::161                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::162                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::163                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::164                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::165                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::166                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::167                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::168                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::169                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::170                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::171                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::172                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::173                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::174                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::175                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::176                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::177                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::178                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::179                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::180                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::181                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::182                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::183                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::184                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::185                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::186                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::187                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::188                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::189                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::190                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::191                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::192                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::193                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::194                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::195                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::196                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::197                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::198                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::199                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::200                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::201                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::202                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::203                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::204                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::205                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::206                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::207                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::208                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::209                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::210                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::211                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::212                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::213                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::214                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::215                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::216                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::217                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::218                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::219                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::220                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::221                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::222                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::223                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::224                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::225                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::226                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::227                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::228                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::229                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::230                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::231                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::232                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::233                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::234                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::235                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::236                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::237                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::238                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::239                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::240                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::241                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::242                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::243                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::244                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::245                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::246                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::247                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::248                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::249                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::250                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::251                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::252                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::253                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::254                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::255                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::256                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::257                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_TT::total              0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::0                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::1                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::2                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::3                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::4                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::5                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::6                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::7                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_fb::8                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::0                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::1                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::2                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::3                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::4                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::5                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::6                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::7                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::8                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_fb::total              0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::0         473474301                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::1         122448019                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::2         163287601                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::3         391865151                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.lru_trans::total    1151075072                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::0     353510281                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::1      89866392                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::2     109385940                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::3     598312459                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::4             0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.optimal_trans::total   1151075072                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.970186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           444165263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4496387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             98.782703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      110326444257195                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   501.232958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data    10.736192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.978971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.020969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        3614887275                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       3614887275                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332702790396                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    265169418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     50562294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       315731712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    108720111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     19691649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      128411760                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data         1269                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8383                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7097                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data         1257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8354                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    373889529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     70253943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        444143472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    373889529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data     70253943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       444143472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1646409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       898375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2544810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2107793                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      2485650                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4593443                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          175                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           25                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3754202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3384025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        7138253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data           26                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3754202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data      3384025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       7138253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      2007657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16868504943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  11761168392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28631680992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53226672381                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  78956656153                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 132183328534                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      2763567                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data      1074591                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      3838158                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1515150                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data       216450                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1731600                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      2007657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  70095177324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  90717824545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 160815009526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      2007657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  70095177324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  90717824545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 160815009526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    266815827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     51460669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    318276522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    110827904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     22177299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    133005203                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         7272                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data         1310                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8582                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         7272                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data         1282                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8554                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    377643731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     73637968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    451281725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    377643731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data     73637968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    451281725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.017458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.112081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034536                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021727                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.031298                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.023188                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024065                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.019501                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.023381                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.045955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.045955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77217.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10245.634556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 13091.602496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11251.009306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25252.324294                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 31764.993524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28776.525263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17490.930380                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 26209.536585                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19287.226131                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         8658                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data         8658                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8658                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77217.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18671.125668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 26807.669726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22528.622833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77217.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18671.125668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 26807.669726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22528.622833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       981256                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1163                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             52104                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.832642                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    96.916667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2619719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2619719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       573045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       573067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      2064893                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2064893                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      2637938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2637960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.data      2637938                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2637960                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1646409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       325330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1971743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2107793                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       420757                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2528550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          175                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data           25                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3754202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       746087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4500293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3754202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       746087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4500293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       380619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15771996549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   3221774667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18994151835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51822882243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  13829831866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  65652714109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      2658339                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data       655011                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3313350                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1398600                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data       199800                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1598400                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       380619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67594878792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  17051606533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  84646865944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       380619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67594878792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  17051606533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  84646865944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.153846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.018972                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021727                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.020611                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021557                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024065                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.019501                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023381                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.153846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.010132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.153846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.010132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 95154.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9579.634556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  9903.097369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9633.178277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24586.324294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 32868.928778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25964.570251                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16824.930380                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 24259.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        17910                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         7992                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data         7992                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7992                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 95154.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18005.125668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 22854.716049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18809.189967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 95154.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18005.125668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 22854.716049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18809.189967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332702790396                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              7928                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::0                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::1                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::2                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::3                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::4                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::5                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::6                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::7                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::8                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::9                    0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::10                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::11                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::12                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::13                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::14                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::15                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::16                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::17                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::18                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::19                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::20                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::21                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::22                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::23                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::24                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::25                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::26                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::27                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::28                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::29                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::30                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::31                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::32                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::33                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::34                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::35                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::36                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::37                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::38                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::39                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::40                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::41                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::42                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::43                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::44                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::45                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::46                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::47                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::48                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::49                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::50                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::51                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::52                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::53                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::54                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::55                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::56                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::57                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::58                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::59                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::60                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::61                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::62                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::63                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::64                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::65                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::66                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::67                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::68                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::69                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::70                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::71                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::72                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::73                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::74                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::75                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::76                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::77                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::78                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::79                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::80                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::81                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::82                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::83                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::84                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::85                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::86                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::87                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::88                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::89                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::90                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::91                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::92                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::93                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::94                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::95                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::96                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::97                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::98                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::99                   0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::100                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::101                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::102                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::103                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::104                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::105                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::106                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::107                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::108                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::109                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::110                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::111                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::112                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::113                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::114                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::115                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::116                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::117                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::118                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::119                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::120                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::121                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::122                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::123                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::124                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::125                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::126                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::127                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::128                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::129                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::130                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::131                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::132                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::133                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::134                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::135                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::136                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::137                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::138                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::139                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::140                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::141                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::142                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::143                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::144                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::145                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::146                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::147                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::148                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::149                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::150                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::151                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::152                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::153                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::154                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::155                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::156                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::157                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::158                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::159                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::160                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::161                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::162                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::163                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::164                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::165                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::166                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::167                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::168                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::169                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::170                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::171                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::172                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::173                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::174                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::175                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::176                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::177                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::178                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::179                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::180                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::181                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::182                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::183                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::184                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::185                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::186                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::187                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::188                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::189                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::190                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::191                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::192                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::193                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::194                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::195                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::196                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::197                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::198                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::199                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::200                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::201                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::202                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::203                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::204                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::205                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::206                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::207                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::208                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::209                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::210                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::211                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::212                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::213                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::214                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::215                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::216                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::217                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::218                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::219                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::220                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::221                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::222                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::223                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::224                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::225                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::226                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::227                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::228                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::229                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::230                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::231                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::232                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::233                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::234                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::235                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::236                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::237                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::238                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::239                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::240                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::241                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::242                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::243                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::244                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::245                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::246                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::247                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::248                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::249                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::250                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::251                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::252                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::253                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::254                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::255                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::256                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ZT::257                  0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::0                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::1                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::2                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::3                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::4                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::5                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::6                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::7                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::8                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::9                    0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::10                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::11                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::12                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::13                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::14                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::15                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::16                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::17                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::18                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::19                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::20                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::21                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::22                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::23                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::24                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::25                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::26                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::27                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::28                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::29                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::30                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::31                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::32                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::33                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::34                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::35                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::36                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::37                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::38                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::39                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::40                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::41                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::42                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::43                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::44                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::45                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::46                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::47                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::48                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::49                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::50                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::51                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::52                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::53                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::54                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::55                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::56                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::57                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::58                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::59                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::60                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::61                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::62                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::63                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::64                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::65                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::66                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::67                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::68                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::69                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::70                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::71                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::72                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::73                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::74                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::75                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::76                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::77                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::78                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::79                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::80                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::81                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::82                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::83                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::84                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::85                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::86                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::87                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::88                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::89                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::90                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::91                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::92                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::93                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::94                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::95                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::96                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::97                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::98                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::99                   0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::100                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::101                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::102                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::103                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::104                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::105                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::106                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::107                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::108                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::109                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::110                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::111                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::112                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::113                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::114                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::115                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::116                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::117                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::118                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::119                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::120                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::121                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::122                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::123                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::124                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::125                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::126                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::127                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::128                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::129                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::130                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::131                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::132                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::133                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::134                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::135                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::136                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::137                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::138                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::139                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::140                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::141                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::142                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::143                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::144                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::145                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::146                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::147                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::148                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::149                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::150                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::151                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::152                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::153                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::154                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::155                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::156                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::157                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::158                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::159                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::160                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::161                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::162                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::163                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::164                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::165                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::166                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::167                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::168                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::169                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::170                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::171                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::172                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::173                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::174                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::175                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::176                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::177                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::178                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::179                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::180                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::181                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::182                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::183                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::184                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::185                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::186                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::187                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::188                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::189                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::190                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::191                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::192                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::193                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::194                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::195                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::196                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::197                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::198                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::199                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::200                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::201                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::202                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::203                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::204                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::205                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::206                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::207                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::208                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::209                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::210                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::211                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::212                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::213                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::214                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::215                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::216                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::217                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::218                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::219                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::220                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::221                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::222                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::223                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::224                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::225                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::226                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::227                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::228                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::229                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::230                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::231                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::232                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::233                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::234                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::235                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::236                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::237                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::238                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::239                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::240                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::241                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::242                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::243                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::244                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::245                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::246                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::247                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::248                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::249                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::250                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::251                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::252                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::253                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::254                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::255                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::256                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_ST::257                  0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::0                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::1                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::2                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::3                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::4                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::5                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::6                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::7                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::8                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::9                    0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::10                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::11                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::12                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::13                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::14                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::15                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::16                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::17                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::18                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::19                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::20                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::21                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::22                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::23                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::24                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::25                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::26                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::27                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::28                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::29                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::30                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::31                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::32                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::33                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::34                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::35                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::36                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::37                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::38                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::39                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::40                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::41                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::42                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::43                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::44                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::45                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::46                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::47                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::48                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::49                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::50                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::51                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::52                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::53                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::54                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::55                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::56                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::57                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::58                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::59                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::60                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::61                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::62                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::63                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::64                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::65                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::66                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::67                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::68                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::69                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::70                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::71                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::72                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::73                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::74                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::75                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::76                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::77                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::78                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::79                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::80                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::81                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::82                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::83                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::84                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::85                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::86                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::87                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::88                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::89                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::90                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::91                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::92                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::93                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::94                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::95                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::96                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::97                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::98                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::99                   0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::100                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::101                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::102                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::103                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::104                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::105                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::106                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::107                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::108                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::109                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::110                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::111                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::112                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::113                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::114                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::115                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::116                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::117                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::118                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::119                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::120                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::121                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::122                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::123                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::124                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::125                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::126                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::127                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::128                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::129                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::130                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::131                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::132                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::133                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::134                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::135                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::136                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::137                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::138                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::139                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::140                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::141                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::142                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::143                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::144                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::145                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::146                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::147                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::148                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::149                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::150                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::151                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::152                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::153                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::154                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::155                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::156                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::157                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::158                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::159                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::160                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::161                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::162                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::163                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::164                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::165                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::166                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::167                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::168                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::169                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::170                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::171                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::172                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::173                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::174                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::175                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::176                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::177                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::178                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::179                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::180                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::181                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::182                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::183                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::184                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::185                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::186                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::187                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::188                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::189                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::190                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::191                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::192                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::193                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::194                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::195                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::196                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::197                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::198                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::199                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::200                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::201                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::202                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::203                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::204                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::205                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::206                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::207                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::208                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::209                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::210                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::211                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::212                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::213                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::214                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::215                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::216                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::217                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::218                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::219                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::220                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::221                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::222                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::223                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::224                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::225                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::226                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::227                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::228                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::229                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::230                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::231                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::232                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::233                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::234                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::235                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::236                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::237                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::238                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::239                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::240                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::241                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::242                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::243                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::244                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::245                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::246                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::247                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::248                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::249                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::250                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::251                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::252                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::253                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::254                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::255                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::256                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_HT::257                  0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::0                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::1                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::2                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::3                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::4                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::5                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::6                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::7                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::8                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::9                    0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::10                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::11                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::12                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::13                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::14                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::15                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::16                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::17                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::18                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::19                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::20                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::21                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::22                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::23                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::24                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::25                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::26                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::27                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::28                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::29                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::30                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::31                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::32                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::33                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::34                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::35                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::36                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::37                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::38                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::39                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::40                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::41                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::42                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::43                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::44                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::45                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::46                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::47                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::48                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::49                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::50                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::51                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::52                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::53                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::54                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::55                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::56                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::57                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::58                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::59                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::60                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::61                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::62                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::63                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::64                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::65                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::66                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::67                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::68                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::69                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::70                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::71                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::72                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::73                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::74                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::75                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::76                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::77                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::78                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::79                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::80                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::81                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::82                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::83                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::84                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::85                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::86                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::87                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::88                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::89                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::90                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::91                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::92                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::93                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::94                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::95                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::96                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::97                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::98                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::99                   0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::100                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::101                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::102                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::103                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::104                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::105                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::106                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::107                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::108                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::109                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::110                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::111                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::112                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::113                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::114                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::115                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::116                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::117                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::118                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::119                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::120                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::121                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::122                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::123                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::124                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::125                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::126                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::127                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::128                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::129                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::130                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::131                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::132                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::133                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::134                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::135                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::136                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::137                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::138                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::139                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::140                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::141                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::142                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::143                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::144                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::145                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::146                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::147                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::148                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::149                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::150                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::151                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::152                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::153                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::154                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::155                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::156                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::157                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::158                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::159                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::160                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::161                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::162                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::163                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::164                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::165                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::166                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::167                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::168                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::169                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::170                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::171                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::172                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::173                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::174                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::175                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::176                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::177                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::178                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::179                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::180                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::181                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::182                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::183                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::184                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::185                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::186                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::187                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::188                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::189                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::190                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::191                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::192                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::193                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::194                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::195                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::196                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::197                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::198                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::199                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::200                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::201                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::202                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::203                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::204                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::205                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::206                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::207                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::208                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::209                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::210                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::211                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::212                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::213                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::214                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::215                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::216                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::217                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::218                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::219                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::220                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::221                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::222                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::223                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::224                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::225                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::226                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::227                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::228                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::229                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::230                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::231                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::232                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::233                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::234                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::235                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::236                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::237                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::238                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::239                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::240                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::241                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::242                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::243                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::244                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::245                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::246                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::247                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::248                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::249                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::250                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::251                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::252                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::253                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::254                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::255                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::256                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_TT::257                  0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::0                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::1                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::2                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::3                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::4                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::5                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::6                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::7                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::8                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::9                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::10                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::11                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::12                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::13                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::14                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::15                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::16                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::17                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::18                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::19                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::20                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::21                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::22                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::23                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::24                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::25                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::26                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::27                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::28                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::29                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::30                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::31                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::32                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::33                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::34                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::35                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::36                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::37                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::38                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::39                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::40                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::41                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::42                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::43                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::44                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::45                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::46                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::47                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::48                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::49                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::50                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::51                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::52                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::53                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::54                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::55                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::56                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::57                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::58                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::59                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::60                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::61                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::62                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::63                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::64                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::65                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::66                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::67                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::68                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::69                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::70                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::71                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::72                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::73                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::74                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::75                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::76                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::77                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::78                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::79                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::80                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::81                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::82                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::83                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::84                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::85                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::86                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::87                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::88                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::89                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::90                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::91                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::92                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::93                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::94                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::95                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::96                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::97                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::98                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::99                 0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::100                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::101                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::102                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::103                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::104                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::105                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::106                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::107                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::108                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::109                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::110                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::111                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::112                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::113                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::114                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::115                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::116                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::117                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::118                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::119                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::120                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::121                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::122                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::123                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::124                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::125                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::126                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::127                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::128                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::129                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::130                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::131                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::132                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::133                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::134                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::135                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::136                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::137                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::138                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::139                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::140                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::141                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::142                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::143                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::144                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::145                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::146                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::147                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::148                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::149                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::150                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::151                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::152                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::153                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::154                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::155                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::156                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::157                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::158                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::159                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::160                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::161                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::162                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::163                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::164                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::165                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::166                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::167                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::168                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::169                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::170                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::171                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::172                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::173                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::174                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::175                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::176                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::177                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::178                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::179                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::180                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::181                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::182                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::183                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::184                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::185                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::186                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::187                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::188                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::189                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::190                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::191                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::192                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::193                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::194                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::195                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::196                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::197                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::198                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::199                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::200                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::201                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::202                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::203                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::204                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::205                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::206                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::207                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::208                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::209                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::210                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::211                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::212                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::213                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::214                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::215                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::216                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::217                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::218                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::219                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::220                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::221                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::222                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::223                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::224                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::225                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::226                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::227                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::228                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::229                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::230                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::231                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::232                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::233                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::234                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::235                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::236                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::237                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::238                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::239                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::240                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::241                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::242                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::243                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::244                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::245                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::246                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::247                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::248                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::249                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::250                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::251                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::252                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::253                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::254                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::255                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::256                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::257                0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ZT::total              0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::0                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::1                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::2                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::3                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::4                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::5                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::6                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::7                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::8                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::9                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::10                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::11                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::12                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::13                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::14                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::15                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::16                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::17                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::18                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::19                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::20                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::21                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::22                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::23                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::24                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::25                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::26                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::27                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::28                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::29                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::30                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::31                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::32                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::33                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::34                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::35                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::36                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::37                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::38                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::39                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::40                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::41                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::42                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::43                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::44                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::45                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::46                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::47                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::48                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::49                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::50                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::51                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::52                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::53                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::54                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::55                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::56                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::57                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::58                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::59                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::60                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::61                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::62                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::63                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::64                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::65                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::66                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::67                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::68                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::69                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::70                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::71                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::72                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::73                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::74                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::75                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::76                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::77                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::78                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::79                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::80                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::81                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::82                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::83                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::84                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::85                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::86                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::87                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::88                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::89                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::90                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::91                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::92                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::93                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::94                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::95                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::96                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::97                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::98                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::99                 0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::100                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::101                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::102                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::103                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::104                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::105                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::106                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::107                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::108                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::109                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::110                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::111                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::112                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::113                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::114                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::115                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::116                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::117                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::118                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::119                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::120                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::121                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::122                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::123                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::124                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::125                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::126                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::127                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::128                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::129                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::130                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::131                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::132                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::133                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::134                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::135                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::136                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::137                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::138                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::139                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::140                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::141                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::142                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::143                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::144                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::145                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::146                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::147                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::148                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::149                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::150                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::151                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::152                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::153                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::154                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::155                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::156                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::157                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::158                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::159                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::160                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::161                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::162                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::163                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::164                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::165                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::166                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::167                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::168                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::169                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::170                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::171                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::172                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::173                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::174                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::175                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::176                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::177                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::178                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::179                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::180                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::181                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::182                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::183                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::184                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::185                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::186                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::187                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::188                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::189                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::190                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::191                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::192                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::193                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::194                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::195                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::196                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::197                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::198                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::199                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::200                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::201                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::202                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::203                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::204                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::205                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::206                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::207                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::208                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::209                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::210                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::211                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::212                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::213                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::214                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::215                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::216                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::217                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::218                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::219                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::220                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::221                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::222                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::223                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::224                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::225                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::226                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::227                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::228                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::229                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::230                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::231                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::232                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::233                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::234                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::235                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::236                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::237                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::238                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::239                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::240                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::241                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::242                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::243                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::244                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::245                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::246                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::247                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::248                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::249                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::250                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::251                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::252                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::253                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::254                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::255                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::256                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::257                0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_ST::total              0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::0                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::1                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::2                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::3                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::4                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::5                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::6                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::7                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::8                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::9                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::10                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::11                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::12                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::13                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::14                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::15                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::16                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::17                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::18                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::19                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::20                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::21                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::22                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::23                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::24                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::25                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::26                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::27                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::28                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::29                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::30                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::31                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::32                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::33                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::34                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::35                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::36                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::37                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::38                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::39                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::40                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::41                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::42                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::43                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::44                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::45                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::46                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::47                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::48                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::49                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::50                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::51                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::52                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::53                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::54                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::55                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::56                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::57                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::58                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::59                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::60                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::61                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::62                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::63                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::64                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::65                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::66                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::67                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::68                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::69                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::70                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::71                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::72                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::73                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::74                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::75                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::76                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::77                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::78                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::79                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::80                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::81                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::82                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::83                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::84                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::85                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::86                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::87                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::88                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::89                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::90                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::91                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::92                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::93                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::94                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::95                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::96                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::97                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::98                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::99                 0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::100                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::101                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::102                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::103                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::104                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::105                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::106                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::107                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::108                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::109                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::110                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::111                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::112                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::113                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::114                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::115                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::116                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::117                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::118                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::119                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::120                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::121                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::122                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::123                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::124                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::125                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::126                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::127                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::128                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::129                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::130                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::131                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::132                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::133                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::134                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::135                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::136                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::137                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::138                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::139                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::140                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::141                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::142                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::143                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::144                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::145                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::146                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::147                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::148                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::149                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::150                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::151                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::152                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::153                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::154                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::155                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::156                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::157                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::158                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::159                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::160                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::161                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::162                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::163                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::164                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::165                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::166                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::167                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::168                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::169                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::170                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::171                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::172                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::173                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::174                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::175                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::176                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::177                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::178                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::179                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::180                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::181                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::182                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::183                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::184                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::185                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::186                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::187                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::188                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::189                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::190                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::191                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::192                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::193                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::194                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::195                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::196                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::197                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::198                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::199                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::200                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::201                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::202                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::203                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::204                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::205                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::206                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::207                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::208                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::209                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::210                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::211                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::212                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::213                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::214                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::215                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::216                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::217                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::218                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::219                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::220                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::221                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::222                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::223                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::224                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::225                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::226                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::227                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::228                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::229                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::230                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::231                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::232                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::233                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::234                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::235                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::236                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::237                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::238                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::239                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::240                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::241                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::242                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::243                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::244                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::245                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::246                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::247                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::248                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::249                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::250                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::251                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::252                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::253                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::254                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::255                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::256                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::257                0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_HT::total              0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::0                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::1                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::2                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::3                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::4                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::5                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::6                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::7                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::8                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::9                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::10                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::11                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::12                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::13                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::14                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::15                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::16                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::17                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::18                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::19                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::20                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::21                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::22                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::23                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::24                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::25                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::26                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::27                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::28                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::29                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::30                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::31                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::32                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::33                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::34                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::35                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::36                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::37                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::38                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::39                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::40                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::41                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::42                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::43                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::44                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::45                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::46                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::47                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::48                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::49                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::50                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::51                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::52                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::53                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::54                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::55                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::56                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::57                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::58                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::59                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::60                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::61                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::62                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::63                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::64                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::65                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::66                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::67                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::68                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::69                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::70                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::71                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::72                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::73                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::74                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::75                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::76                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::77                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::78                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::79                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::80                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::81                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::82                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::83                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::84                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::85                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::86                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::87                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::88                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::89                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::90                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::91                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::92                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::93                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::94                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::95                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::96                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::97                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::98                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::99                 0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::100                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::101                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::102                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::103                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::104                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::105                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::106                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::107                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::108                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::109                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::110                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::111                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::112                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::113                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::114                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::115                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::116                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::117                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::118                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::119                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::120                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::121                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::122                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::123                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::124                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::125                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::126                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::127                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::128                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::129                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::130                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::131                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::132                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::133                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::134                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::135                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::136                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::137                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::138                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::139                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::140                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::141                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::142                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::143                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::144                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::145                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::146                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::147                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::148                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::149                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::150                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::151                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::152                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::153                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::154                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::155                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::156                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::157                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::158                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::159                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::160                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::161                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::162                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::163                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::164                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::165                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::166                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::167                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::168                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::169                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::170                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::171                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::172                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::173                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::174                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::175                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::176                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::177                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::178                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::179                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::180                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::181                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::182                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::183                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::184                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::185                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::186                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::187                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::188                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::189                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::190                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::191                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::192                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::193                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::194                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::195                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::196                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::197                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::198                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::199                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::200                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::201                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::202                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::203                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::204                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::205                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::206                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::207                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::208                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::209                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::210                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::211                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::212                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::213                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::214                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::215                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::216                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::217                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::218                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::219                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::220                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::221                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::222                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::223                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::224                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::225                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::226                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::227                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::228                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::229                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::230                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::231                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::232                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::233                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::234                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::235                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::236                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::237                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::238                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::239                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::240                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::241                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::242                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::243                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::244                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::245                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::246                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::247                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::248                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::249                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::250                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::251                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::252                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::253                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::254                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::255                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::256                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::257                0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_TT::total              0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::0                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::1                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::2                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::3                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::4                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::5                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::6                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::7                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_fb::8                    0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::0                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::1                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::2                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::3                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::4                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::5                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::6                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::7                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::8                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_fb::total              0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::0            842727                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::1            426422                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::2            491987                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::3            393360                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.lru_trans::total       2154496                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::0        582941                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::1        293586                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::2        308966                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::3        969003                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::4             0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.optimal_trans::total      2154496                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           423.513060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1013669624                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              8416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          120445.535171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     0.062424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   419.828504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     3.622132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.819978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.007074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.827174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        8109434872                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       8109434872                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332702790396                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1000023766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     13645845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1013669624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1000023766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     13645845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1013669624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1000023766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst     13645845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1013669624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          8683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           8683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1591                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          8683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst      1092906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    135655209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     42689600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    179437715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      1092906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    135655209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     42689600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    179437715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst      1092906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    135655209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     42689600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    179437715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1000030841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     13647436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1013678307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1000030841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     13647436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1013678307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1000030841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst     13647436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1013678307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.566667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.566667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.566667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64288.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19173.881131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 26831.929604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20665.405390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64288.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19173.881131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 26831.929604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20665.405390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64288.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19173.881131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 26831.929604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20665.405390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          314                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.545455                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              7928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          253                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       272394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130943259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     32681285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    163896938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       272394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130943259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     32681285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    163896938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       272394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130943259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     32681285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    163896938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        90798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18507.881131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 24425.474589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19474.446055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        90798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18507.881131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 24425.474589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19474.446055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        90798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18507.881131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 24425.474589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19474.446055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332702790396                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2.tags.replacements               2726174                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::0                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::1                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::2                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::3                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::4                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::5                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::6                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::7                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::8                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::9                        0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::10                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::11                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::12                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::13                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::14                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::15                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::16                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::17                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::18                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::19                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::20                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::21                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::22                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::23                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::24                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::25                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::26                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::27                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::28                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::29                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::30                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::31                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::32                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::33                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::34                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::35                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::36                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::37                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::38                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::39                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::40                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::41                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::42                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::43                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::44                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::45                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::46                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::47                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::48                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::49                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::50                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::51                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::52                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::53                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::54                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::55                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::56                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::57                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::58                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::59                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::60                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::61                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::62                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::63                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::64                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::65                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::66                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::67                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::68                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::69                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::70                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::71                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::72                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::73                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::74                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::75                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::76                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::77                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::78                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::79                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::80                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::81                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::82                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::83                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::84                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::85                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::86                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::87                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::88                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::89                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::90                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::91                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::92                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::93                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::94                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::95                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::96                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::97                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::98                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::99                       0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::100                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::101                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::102                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::103                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::104                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::105                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::106                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::107                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::108                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::109                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::110                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::111                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::112                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::113                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::114                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::115                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::116                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::117                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::118                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::119                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::120                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::121                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::122                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::123                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::124                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::125                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::126                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::127                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::128                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::129                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::130                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::131                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::132                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::133                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::134                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::135                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::136                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::137                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::138                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::139                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::140                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::141                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::142                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::143                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::144                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::145                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::146                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::147                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::148                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::149                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::150                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::151                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::152                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::153                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::154                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::155                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::156                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::157                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::158                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::159                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::160                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::161                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::162                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::163                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::164                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::165                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::166                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::167                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::168                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::169                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::170                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::171                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::172                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::173                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::174                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::175                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::176                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::177                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::178                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::179                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::180                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::181                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::182                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::183                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::184                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::185                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::186                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::187                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::188                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::189                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::190                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::191                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::192                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::193                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::194                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::195                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::196                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::197                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::198                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::199                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::200                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::201                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::202                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::203                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::204                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::205                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::206                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::207                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::208                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::209                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::210                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::211                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::212                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::213                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::214                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::215                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::216                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::217                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::218                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::219                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::220                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::221                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::222                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::223                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::224                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::225                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::226                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::227                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::228                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::229                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::230                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::231                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::232                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::233                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::234                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::235                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::236                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::237                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::238                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::239                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::240                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::241                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::242                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::243                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::244                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::245                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::246                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::247                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::248                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::249                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::250                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::251                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::252                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::253                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::254                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::255                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::256                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ZT::257                      0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::0                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::1                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::2                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::3                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::4                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::5                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::6                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::7                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::8                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::9                        0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::10                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::11                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::12                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::13                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::14                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::15                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::16                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::17                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::18                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::19                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::20                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::21                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::22                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::23                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::24                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::25                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::26                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::27                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::28                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::29                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::30                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::31                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::32                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::33                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::34                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::35                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::36                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::37                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::38                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::39                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::40                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::41                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::42                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::43                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::44                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::45                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::46                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::47                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::48                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::49                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::50                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::51                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::52                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::53                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::54                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::55                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::56                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::57                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::58                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::59                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::60                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::61                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::62                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::63                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::64                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::65                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::66                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::67                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::68                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::69                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::70                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::71                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::72                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::73                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::74                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::75                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::76                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::77                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::78                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::79                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::80                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::81                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::82                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::83                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::84                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::85                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::86                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::87                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::88                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::89                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::90                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::91                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::92                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::93                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::94                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::95                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::96                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::97                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::98                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::99                       0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::100                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::101                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::102                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::103                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::104                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::105                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::106                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::107                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::108                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::109                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::110                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::111                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::112                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::113                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::114                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::115                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::116                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::117                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::118                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::119                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::120                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::121                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::122                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::123                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::124                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::125                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::126                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::127                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::128                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::129                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::130                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::131                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::132                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::133                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::134                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::135                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::136                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::137                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::138                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::139                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::140                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::141                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::142                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::143                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::144                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::145                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::146                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::147                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::148                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::149                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::150                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::151                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::152                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::153                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::154                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::155                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::156                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::157                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::158                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::159                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::160                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::161                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::162                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::163                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::164                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::165                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::166                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::167                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::168                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::169                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::170                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::171                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::172                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::173                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::174                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::175                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::176                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::177                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::178                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::179                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::180                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::181                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::182                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::183                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::184                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::185                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::186                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::187                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::188                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::189                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::190                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::191                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::192                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::193                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::194                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::195                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::196                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::197                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::198                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::199                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::200                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::201                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::202                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::203                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::204                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::205                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::206                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::207                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::208                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::209                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::210                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::211                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::212                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::213                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::214                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::215                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::216                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::217                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::218                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::219                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::220                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::221                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::222                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::223                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::224                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::225                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::226                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::227                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::228                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::229                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::230                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::231                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::232                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::233                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::234                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::235                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::236                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::237                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::238                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::239                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::240                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::241                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::242                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::243                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::244                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::245                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::246                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::247                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::248                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::249                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::250                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::251                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::252                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::253                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::254                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::255                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::256                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_ST::257                      0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::0                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::1                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::2                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::3                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::4                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::5                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::6                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::7                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::8                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::9                        0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::10                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::11                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::12                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::13                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::14                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::15                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::16                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::17                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::18                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::19                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::20                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::21                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::22                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::23                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::24                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::25                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::26                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::27                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::28                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::29                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::30                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::31                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::32                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::33                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::34                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::35                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::36                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::37                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::38                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::39                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::40                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::41                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::42                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::43                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::44                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::45                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::46                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::47                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::48                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::49                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::50                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::51                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::52                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::53                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::54                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::55                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::56                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::57                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::58                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::59                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::60                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::61                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::62                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::63                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::64                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::65                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::66                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::67                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::68                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::69                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::70                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::71                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::72                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::73                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::74                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::75                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::76                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::77                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::78                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::79                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::80                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::81                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::82                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::83                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::84                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::85                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::86                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::87                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::88                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::89                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::90                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::91                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::92                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::93                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::94                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::95                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::96                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::97                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::98                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::99                       0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::100                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::101                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::102                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::103                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::104                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::105                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::106                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::107                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::108                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::109                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::110                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::111                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::112                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::113                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::114                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::115                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::116                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::117                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::118                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::119                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::120                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::121                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::122                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::123                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::124                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::125                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::126                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::127                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::128                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::129                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::130                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::131                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::132                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::133                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::134                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::135                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::136                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::137                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::138                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::139                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::140                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::141                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::142                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::143                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::144                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::145                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::146                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::147                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::148                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::149                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::150                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::151                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::152                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::153                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::154                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::155                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::156                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::157                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::158                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::159                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::160                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::161                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::162                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::163                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::164                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::165                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::166                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::167                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::168                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::169                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::170                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::171                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::172                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::173                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::174                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::175                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::176                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::177                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::178                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::179                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::180                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::181                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::182                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::183                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::184                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::185                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::186                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::187                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::188                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::189                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::190                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::191                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::192                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::193                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::194                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::195                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::196                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::197                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::198                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::199                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::200                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::201                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::202                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::203                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::204                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::205                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::206                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::207                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::208                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::209                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::210                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::211                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::212                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::213                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::214                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::215                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::216                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::217                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::218                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::219                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::220                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::221                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::222                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::223                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::224                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::225                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::226                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::227                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::228                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::229                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::230                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::231                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::232                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::233                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::234                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::235                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::236                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::237                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::238                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::239                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::240                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::241                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::242                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::243                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::244                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::245                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::246                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::247                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::248                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::249                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::250                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::251                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::252                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::253                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::254                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::255                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::256                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_HT::257                      0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::0                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::1                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::2                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::3                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::4                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::5                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::6                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::7                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::8                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::9                        0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::10                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::11                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::12                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::13                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::14                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::15                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::16                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::17                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::18                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::19                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::20                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::21                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::22                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::23                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::24                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::25                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::26                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::27                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::28                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::29                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::30                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::31                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::32                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::33                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::34                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::35                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::36                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::37                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::38                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::39                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::40                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::41                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::42                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::43                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::44                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::45                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::46                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::47                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::48                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::49                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::50                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::51                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::52                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::53                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::54                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::55                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::56                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::57                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::58                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::59                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::60                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::61                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::62                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::63                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::64                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::65                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::66                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::67                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::68                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::69                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::70                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::71                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::72                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::73                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::74                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::75                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::76                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::77                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::78                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::79                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::80                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::81                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::82                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::83                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::84                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::85                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::86                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::87                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::88                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::89                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::90                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::91                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::92                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::93                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::94                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::95                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::96                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::97                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::98                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::99                       0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::100                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::101                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::102                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::103                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::104                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::105                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::106                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::107                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::108                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::109                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::110                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::111                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::112                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::113                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::114                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::115                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::116                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::117                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::118                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::119                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::120                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::121                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::122                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::123                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::124                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::125                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::126                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::127                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::128                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::129                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::130                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::131                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::132                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::133                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::134                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::135                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::136                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::137                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::138                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::139                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::140                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::141                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::142                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::143                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::144                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::145                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::146                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::147                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::148                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::149                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::150                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::151                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::152                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::153                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::154                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::155                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::156                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::157                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::158                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::159                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::160                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::161                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::162                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::163                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::164                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::165                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::166                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::167                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::168                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::169                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::170                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::171                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::172                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::173                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::174                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::175                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::176                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::177                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::178                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::179                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::180                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::181                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::182                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::183                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::184                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::185                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::186                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::187                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::188                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::189                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::190                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::191                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::192                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::193                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::194                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::195                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::196                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::197                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::198                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::199                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::200                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::201                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::202                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::203                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::204                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::205                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::206                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::207                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::208                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::209                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::210                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::211                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::212                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::213                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::214                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::215                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::216                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::217                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::218                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::219                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::220                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::221                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::222                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::223                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::224                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::225                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::226                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::227                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::228                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::229                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::230                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::231                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::232                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::233                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::234                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::235                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::236                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::237                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::238                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::239                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::240                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::241                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::242                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::243                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::244                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::245                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::246                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::247                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::248                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::249                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::250                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::251                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::252                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::253                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::254                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::255                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::256                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_TT::257                      0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::0                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::1                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::2                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::3                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::4                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::5                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::6                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::7                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::8                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::9                      0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::10                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::11                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::12                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::13                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::14                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::15                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::16                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::17                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::18                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::19                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::20                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::21                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::22                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::23                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::24                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::25                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::26                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::27                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::28                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::29                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::30                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::31                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::32                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::33                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::34                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::35                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::36                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::37                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::38                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::39                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::40                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::41                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::42                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::43                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::44                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::45                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::46                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::47                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::48                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::49                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::50                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::51                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::52                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::53                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::54                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::55                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::56                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::57                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::58                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::59                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::60                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::61                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::62                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::63                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::64                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::65                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::66                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::67                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::68                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::69                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::70                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::71                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::72                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::73                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::74                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::75                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::76                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::77                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::78                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::79                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::80                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::81                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::82                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::83                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::84                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::85                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::86                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::87                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::88                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::89                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::90                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::91                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::92                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::93                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::94                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::95                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::96                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::97                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::98                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::99                     0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::100                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::101                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::102                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::103                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::104                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::105                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::106                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::107                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::108                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::109                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::110                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::111                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::112                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::113                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::114                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::115                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::116                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::117                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::118                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::119                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::120                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::121                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::122                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::123                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::124                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::125                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::126                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::127                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::128                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::129                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::130                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::131                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::132                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::133                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::134                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::135                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::136                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::137                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::138                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::139                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::140                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::141                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::142                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::143                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::144                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::145                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::146                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::147                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::148                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::149                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::150                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::151                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::152                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::153                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::154                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::155                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::156                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::157                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::158                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::159                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::160                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::161                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::162                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::163                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::164                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::165                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::166                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::167                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::168                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::169                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::170                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::171                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::172                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::173                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::174                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::175                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::176                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::177                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::178                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::179                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::180                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::181                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::182                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::183                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::184                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::185                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::186                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::187                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::188                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::189                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::190                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::191                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::192                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::193                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::194                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::195                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::196                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::197                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::198                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::199                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::200                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::201                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::202                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::203                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::204                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::205                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::206                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::207                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::208                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::209                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::210                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::211                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::212                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::213                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::214                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::215                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::216                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::217                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::218                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::219                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::220                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::221                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::222                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::223                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::224                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::225                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::226                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::227                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::228                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::229                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::230                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::231                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::232                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::233                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::234                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::235                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::236                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::237                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::238                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::239                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::240                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::241                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::242                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::243                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::244                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::245                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::246                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::247                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::248                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::249                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::250                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::251                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::252                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::253                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::254                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::255                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::256                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::257                    0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ZT::total                  0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::0                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::1                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::2                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::3                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::4                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::5                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::6                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::7                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::8                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::9                      0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::10                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::11                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::12                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::13                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::14                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::15                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::16                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::17                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::18                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::19                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::20                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::21                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::22                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::23                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::24                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::25                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::26                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::27                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::28                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::29                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::30                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::31                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::32                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::33                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::34                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::35                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::36                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::37                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::38                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::39                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::40                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::41                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::42                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::43                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::44                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::45                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::46                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::47                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::48                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::49                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::50                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::51                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::52                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::53                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::54                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::55                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::56                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::57                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::58                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::59                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::60                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::61                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::62                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::63                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::64                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::65                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::66                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::67                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::68                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::69                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::70                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::71                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::72                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::73                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::74                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::75                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::76                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::77                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::78                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::79                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::80                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::81                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::82                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::83                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::84                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::85                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::86                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::87                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::88                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::89                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::90                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::91                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::92                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::93                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::94                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::95                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::96                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::97                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::98                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::99                     0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::100                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::101                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::102                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::103                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::104                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::105                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::106                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::107                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::108                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::109                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::110                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::111                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::112                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::113                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::114                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::115                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::116                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::117                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::118                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::119                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::120                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::121                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::122                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::123                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::124                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::125                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::126                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::127                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::128                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::129                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::130                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::131                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::132                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::133                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::134                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::135                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::136                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::137                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::138                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::139                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::140                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::141                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::142                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::143                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::144                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::145                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::146                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::147                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::148                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::149                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::150                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::151                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::152                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::153                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::154                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::155                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::156                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::157                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::158                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::159                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::160                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::161                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::162                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::163                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::164                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::165                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::166                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::167                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::168                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::169                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::170                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::171                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::172                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::173                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::174                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::175                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::176                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::177                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::178                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::179                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::180                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::181                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::182                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::183                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::184                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::185                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::186                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::187                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::188                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::189                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::190                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::191                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::192                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::193                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::194                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::195                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::196                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::197                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::198                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::199                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::200                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::201                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::202                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::203                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::204                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::205                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::206                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::207                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::208                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::209                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::210                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::211                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::212                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::213                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::214                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::215                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::216                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::217                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::218                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::219                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::220                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::221                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::222                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::223                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::224                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::225                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::226                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::227                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::228                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::229                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::230                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::231                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::232                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::233                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::234                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::235                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::236                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::237                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::238                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::239                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::240                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::241                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::242                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::243                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::244                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::245                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::246                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::247                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::248                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::249                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::250                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::251                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::252                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::253                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::254                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::255                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::256                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::257                    0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_ST::total                  0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::0                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::1                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::2                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::3                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::4                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::5                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::6                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::7                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::8                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::9                      0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::10                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::11                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::12                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::13                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::14                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::15                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::16                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::17                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::18                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::19                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::20                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::21                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::22                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::23                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::24                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::25                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::26                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::27                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::28                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::29                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::30                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::31                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::32                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::33                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::34                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::35                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::36                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::37                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::38                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::39                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::40                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::41                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::42                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::43                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::44                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::45                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::46                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::47                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::48                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::49                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::50                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::51                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::52                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::53                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::54                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::55                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::56                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::57                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::58                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::59                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::60                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::61                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::62                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::63                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::64                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::65                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::66                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::67                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::68                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::69                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::70                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::71                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::72                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::73                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::74                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::75                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::76                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::77                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::78                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::79                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::80                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::81                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::82                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::83                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::84                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::85                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::86                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::87                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::88                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::89                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::90                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::91                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::92                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::93                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::94                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::95                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::96                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::97                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::98                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::99                     0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::100                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::101                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::102                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::103                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::104                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::105                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::106                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::107                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::108                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::109                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::110                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::111                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::112                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::113                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::114                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::115                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::116                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::117                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::118                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::119                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::120                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::121                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::122                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::123                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::124                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::125                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::126                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::127                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::128                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::129                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::130                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::131                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::132                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::133                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::134                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::135                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::136                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::137                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::138                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::139                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::140                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::141                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::142                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::143                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::144                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::145                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::146                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::147                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::148                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::149                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::150                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::151                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::152                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::153                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::154                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::155                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::156                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::157                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::158                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::159                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::160                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::161                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::162                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::163                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::164                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::165                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::166                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::167                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::168                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::169                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::170                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::171                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::172                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::173                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::174                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::175                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::176                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::177                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::178                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::179                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::180                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::181                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::182                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::183                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::184                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::185                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::186                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::187                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::188                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::189                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::190                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::191                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::192                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::193                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::194                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::195                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::196                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::197                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::198                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::199                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::200                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::201                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::202                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::203                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::204                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::205                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::206                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::207                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::208                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::209                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::210                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::211                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::212                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::213                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::214                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::215                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::216                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::217                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::218                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::219                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::220                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::221                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::222                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::223                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::224                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::225                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::226                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::227                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::228                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::229                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::230                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::231                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::232                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::233                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::234                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::235                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::236                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::237                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::238                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::239                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::240                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::241                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::242                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::243                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::244                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::245                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::246                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::247                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::248                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::249                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::250                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::251                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::252                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::253                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::254                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::255                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::256                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::257                    0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_HT::total                  0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::0                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::1                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::2                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::3                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::4                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::5                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::6                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::7                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::8                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::9                      0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::10                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::11                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::12                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::13                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::14                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::15                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::16                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::17                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::18                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::19                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::20                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::21                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::22                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::23                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::24                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::25                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::26                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::27                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::28                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::29                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::30                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::31                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::32                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::33                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::34                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::35                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::36                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::37                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::38                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::39                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::40                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::41                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::42                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::43                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::44                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::45                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::46                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::47                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::48                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::49                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::50                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::51                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::52                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::53                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::54                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::55                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::56                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::57                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::58                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::59                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::60                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::61                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::62                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::63                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::64                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::65                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::66                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::67                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::68                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::69                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::70                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::71                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::72                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::73                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::74                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::75                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::76                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::77                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::78                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::79                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::80                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::81                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::82                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::83                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::84                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::85                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::86                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::87                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::88                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::89                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::90                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::91                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::92                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::93                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::94                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::95                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::96                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::97                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::98                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::99                     0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::100                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::101                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::102                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::103                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::104                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::105                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::106                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::107                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::108                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::109                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::110                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::111                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::112                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::113                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::114                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::115                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::116                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::117                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::118                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::119                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::120                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::121                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::122                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::123                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::124                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::125                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::126                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::127                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::128                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::129                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::130                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::131                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::132                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::133                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::134                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::135                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::136                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::137                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::138                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::139                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::140                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::141                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::142                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::143                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::144                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::145                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::146                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::147                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::148                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::149                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::150                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::151                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::152                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::153                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::154                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::155                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::156                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::157                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::158                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::159                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::160                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::161                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::162                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::163                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::164                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::165                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::166                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::167                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::168                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::169                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::170                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::171                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::172                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::173                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::174                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::175                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::176                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::177                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::178                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::179                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::180                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::181                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::182                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::183                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::184                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::185                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::186                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::187                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::188                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::189                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::190                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::191                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::192                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::193                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::194                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::195                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::196                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::197                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::198                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::199                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::200                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::201                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::202                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::203                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::204                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::205                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::206                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::207                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::208                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::209                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::210                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::211                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::212                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::213                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::214                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::215                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::216                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::217                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::218                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::219                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::220                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::221                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::222                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::223                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::224                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::225                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::226                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::227                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::228                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::229                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::230                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::231                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::232                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::233                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::234                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::235                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::236                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::237                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::238                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::239                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::240                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::241                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::242                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::243                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::244                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::245                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::246                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::247                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::248                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::249                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::250                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::251                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::252                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::253                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::254                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::255                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::256                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::257                    0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_TT::total                  0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::0                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::1                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::2                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::3                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::4                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::5                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::6                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::7                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_fb::8                        0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::0                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::1                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::2                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::3                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::4                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::5                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::6                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::7                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::8                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_fb::total                  0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::0             785690117                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::1             170803494                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::2             170499213                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::3             219288904                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::4                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.lru_trans::total        1346281728                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::0         453480633                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::1         101376446                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::2         100098647                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::3         691326002                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::4                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.optimal_trans::total    1346281728                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.cpu.l2.tags.tagsinuse              3883.735894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2.tags.total_refs                 3721213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.sampled_refs               2730098                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.avg_refs                  1.363033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  3086.829440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.005467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.008994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     2.734721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   777.980232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.063657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data    16.113383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.753620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.189937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.003934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_percent::total        0.948178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3924                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.958008                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2.tags.tag_accesses              77362593                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2.tags.data_accesses             77362593                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332702790396                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2619719                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2619719                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7928                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         7928                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3514                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data          636                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             4150                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          175                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            200                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6313                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data          477                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              6790                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         4944                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          877                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           5821                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1478060                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       290235                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       1768295                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         4944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      1484373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       290712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.demand_hits::total              1780906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         4944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1484373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       290712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.overall_hits::total             1780906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2097966                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       419712                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total         2517678                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          461                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2595                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       168507                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data        35117                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       203628                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2266473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       454829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_misses::total            2723901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2266473                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          461                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       454829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_misses::total           2723901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  49648471164                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  13393134792                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  63041605956                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       269397                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     89292618                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     25143831                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    114705846                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       376290                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3793660542                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data    860608197                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   4654645029                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst       269397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data       376290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     89292618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53442131706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     25143831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  14253742989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_latency::total  67810956831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       269397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       376290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     89292618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53442131706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     25143831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  14253742989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_latency::total  67810956831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2619719                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2619719                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7928                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7928                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3514                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data          636                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         4150                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          175                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2104279                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       420189                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total       2524468                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7075                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1338                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         8416                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1646567                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       325352                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1971923                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3750846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       745541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_accesses::total          4504807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3750846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst         1338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       745541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_accesses::total         4504807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.998865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.997310                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.301201                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.344544                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.308341                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.102338                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.107935                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.103264                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.301201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.604256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.344544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.610066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_miss_rate::total        0.604665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.301201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.604256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.344544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.610066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_miss_rate::total       0.604665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23665.050417                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 31910.297518                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25039.582487                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        89799                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 41901.744721                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 54541.932755                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44202.638150                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 94072.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22513.370614                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 24506.882621                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22858.570673                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        89799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 94072.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 41901.744721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23579.425701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 54541.932755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 31338.685504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24894.794940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        89799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 94072.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 41901.744721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23579.425701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 54541.932755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 31338.685504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24894.794940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2.writebacks::writebacks          2552260                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2.writebacks::total               2552260                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        32831                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        32831                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2097966                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       419712                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total      2517678                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          461                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2595                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       168507                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data        35117                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       203628                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2266473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       454829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       2723901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2266473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data       454829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total      2723901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35676017604                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  10597872852                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46273890456                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       249417                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75100158                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     22073571                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97423146                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       349650                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2671403922                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data    626728977                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3298482549                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       249417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       349650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75100158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38347421526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     22073571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  11224601829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  49669796151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       249417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       349650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75100158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38347421526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     22073571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data  11224601829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  49669796151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.998865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.301201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.344544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.102338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.107935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.301201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.604256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.344544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.610066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.604665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.301201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.604256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.344544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.610066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.604665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17005.050417                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 25250.345122                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18379.590423                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        83139                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35241.744721                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 47881.932755                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37542.638150                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87412.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15853.370614                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 17846.882621                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16198.570673                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        83139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87412.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35241.744721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16919.425701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 47881.932755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 24678.729432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18234.802275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        83139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87412.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35241.744721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16919.425701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 47881.932755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 24678.729432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18234.802275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      9012960                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4508153                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        40420                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        40420                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332702790396                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       1980338                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5171979                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7928                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      2050895                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         4150                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          200                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         4350                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      2524468                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      2524465                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         8416                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1971923                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side        24760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side     13497353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          13522113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side      1046016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2.cpu_side    455430784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          456476800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoops                     2726999                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             163344640                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples      7236156                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.005586                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.074529                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            7195736     99.44%     99.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1              40420      0.56%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        7236156                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     4751328582                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       8410240                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    4493339495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332702790396                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                     75848                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::0                            0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::1                            0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::2                            0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::3                            0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::4                            0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::5                            0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::6                            0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::7                            0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::8                     0.788029                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::9                            0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::10                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::11                    2.563640                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::12                    0.747336                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::13                    4.212405                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::14                    4.413418                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::15                    4.816060                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::16                    4.285409                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::17                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::18                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::19                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::20                    0.409737                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::21                    5.287482                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::22                    4.458896                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::23                    3.316739                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::24                    0.297118                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::25                    2.819470                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::26                    4.272061                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::27                    4.351278                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::28                    4.746266                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::29                    4.869089                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::30                    4.735642                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::31                    4.947022                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::32                    4.664844                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::33                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::34                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::35                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::36                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::37                    2.542774                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::38                    2.082811                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::39                    4.257463                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::40                    3.951022                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::41                    3.976999                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::42                    4.342664                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::43                    4.711379                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::44                    4.885002                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::45                    4.993564                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::46                    4.893711                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::47                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::48                    4.758185                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::49                    2.472946                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::50                    3.226377                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::51                    4.232552                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::52                    2.365740                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::53                    3.677809                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::54                    4.696092                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::55                    4.264559                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::56                    4.438593                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::57                    4.746948                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::58                    4.691101                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::59                    4.787798                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::60                    4.892677                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::61                    4.852122                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::62                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::63                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::64                    4.863431                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::65                    0.256019                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::66                    3.168907                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::67                    4.988108                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::68                    4.444175                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::69                    4.698087                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::70                    4.272078                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::71                    4.441218                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::72                    4.586500                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::73                    4.910152                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::74                    4.666309                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::75                    4.803331                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::76                    4.849497                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::77                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::78                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::79                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::80                    4.254845                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::81                    4.258633                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::82                    4.035616                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::83                    4.529774                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::84                    4.238710                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::85                    4.403988                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::86                    4.507799                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::87                    4.589777                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::88                    4.577811                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::89                    4.893605                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::90                    4.959827                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::91                    4.762132                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::92                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::93                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::94                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::95                           0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::96                    4.996770                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::97                    4.740494                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::98                    4.528319                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::99                    4.299549                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::100                   4.402820                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::101                   4.463517                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::102                   4.784628                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::103                   4.789630                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::104                   4.739675                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::105                   4.795471                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::106                   4.676159                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::107                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::108                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::109                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::110                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::111                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::112                   4.493243                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::113                   4.404513                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::114                   4.697925                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::115                   4.621160                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::116                   4.429438                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::117                   4.412751                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::118                   4.819913                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::119                   4.622404                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::120                   4.644451                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::121                   4.649641                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::122                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::123                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::124                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::125                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::126                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::127                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::128                   4.903793                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::129                   4.886799                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::130                   4.482666                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::131                   4.581717                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::132                   4.752365                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::133                   4.728444                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::134                   4.816546                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::135                   4.442293                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::136                   4.049537                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::137                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::138                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::139                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::140                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::141                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::142                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::143                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::144                   4.759791                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::145                   4.406117                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::146                   4.738288                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::147                   4.553020                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::148                   4.742066                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::149                   4.498028                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::150                   4.360254                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::151                   3.720344                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::152                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::153                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::154                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::155                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::156                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::157                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::158                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::159                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::160                   4.826719                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::161                   4.691299                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::162                   4.745634                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::163                   4.293813                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::164                   3.966746                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::165                   4.425100                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::166                   2.724036                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::167                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::168                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::169                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::170                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::171                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::172                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::173                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::174                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::175                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::176                   4.627355                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::177                   4.426134                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::178                   4.335249                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::179                   4.468186                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::180                   3.526840                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::181                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::182                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::183                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::184                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::185                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::186                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::187                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::188                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::189                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::190                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::191                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::192                   3.687211                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::193                   3.936698                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::194                   2.373307                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::195                   2.934890                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::196                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::197                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::198                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::199                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::200                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::201                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::202                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::203                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::204                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::205                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::206                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::207                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::208                   3.674676                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::209                   2.415847                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::210                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::211                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::212                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::213                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::214                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::215                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::216                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::217                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::218                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::219                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::220                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::221                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::222                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::223                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::224                   3.528268                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::225                   1.386126                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::226                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::227                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::228                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::229                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::230                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::231                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::232                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::233                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::234                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::235                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::236                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::237                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::238                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::239                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::240                   2.404680                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::241                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::242                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::243                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::244                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::245                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::246                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::247                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::248                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::249                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::250                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::251                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::252                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::253                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::254                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::255                 168.650714                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::256                          0                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ZT::257                 168.670176                       # average Number of ZTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::0                            0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::1                            0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::2                            0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::3                            0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::4                            0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::5                            0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::6                            0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::7                            0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::8                     0.173644                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::9                            0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::10                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::11                    0.647843                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::12                    0.209355                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::13                    1.406748                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::14                    1.106262                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::15                    1.101776                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::16                    1.499472                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::17                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::18                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::19                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::20                    0.116312                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::21                    0.985802                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::22                    1.053921                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::23                    0.569668                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::24                    0.092608                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::25                    0.990874                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::26                    1.433951                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::27                    1.264114                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::28                    1.217400                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::29                    1.363123                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::30                    1.334226                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::31                    1.326627                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::32                    0.869677                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::33                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::34                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::35                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::36                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::37                    0.749457                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::38                    0.660336                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::39                    1.034921                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::40                    1.192463                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::41                    1.203057                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::42                    1.297455                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::43                    1.381289                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::44                    1.327667                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::45                    1.406909                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::46                    1.362457                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::47                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::48                    1.573069                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::49                    0.933496                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::50                    0.814086                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::51                    1.314837                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::52                    0.924114                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::53                    1.011647                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::54                    1.403164                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::55                    1.300794                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::56                    1.359679                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::57                    1.426581                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::58                    1.363259                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::59                    1.445014                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::60                    1.402334                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::61                    1.339738                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::62                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::63                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::64                    1.321895                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::65                    0.380980                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::66                    1.767494                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::67                    1.152814                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::68                    1.395449                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::69                    1.241760                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::70                    1.513102                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::71                    1.356941                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::72                    1.573143                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::73                    1.457264                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::74                    1.462457                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::75                    1.432442                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::76                    1.348068                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::77                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::78                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::79                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::80                    1.385329                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::81                    1.370429                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::82                    1.424966                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::83                    1.456847                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::84                    1.337257                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::85                    1.502985                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::86                    1.385959                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::87                    1.451635                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::88                    1.378681                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::89                    1.455954                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::90                    1.400786                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::91                    1.316657                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::92                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::93                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::94                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::95                           0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::96                    1.420556                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::97                    1.425838                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::98                    1.461477                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::99                    1.692802                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::100                   1.403528                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::101                   1.414303                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::102                   1.434619                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::103                   1.436937                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::104                   1.401341                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::105                   1.381054                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::106                   1.369362                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::107                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::108                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::109                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::110                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::111                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::112                   1.786470                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::113                   1.323935                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::114                   1.322561                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::115                   1.463488                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::116                   1.428833                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::117                   1.473769                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::118                   1.437817                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::119                   1.406043                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::120                   1.372041                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::121                   1.231480                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::122                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::123                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::124                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::125                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::126                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::127                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::128                   1.465792                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::129                   1.534314                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::130                   1.492384                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::131                   1.348508                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::132                   1.353124                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::133                   1.418200                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::134                   1.413706                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::135                   1.340365                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::136                   1.122055                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::137                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::138                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::139                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::140                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::141                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::142                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::143                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::144                   1.618679                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::145                   1.269816                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::146                   1.469602                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::147                   1.280217                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::148                   1.559464                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::149                   1.498481                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::150                   1.331343                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::151                   1.690084                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::152                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::153                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::154                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::155                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::156                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::157                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::158                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::159                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::160                   1.509023                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::161                   1.428288                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::162                   1.607189                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::163                   1.302986                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::164                   1.470591                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::165                   1.355933                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::166                   0.827869                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::167                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::168                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::169                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::170                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::171                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::172                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::173                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::174                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::175                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::176                   1.419126                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::177                   1.367326                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::178                   1.409416                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::179                   1.292574                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::180                   0.993741                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::181                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::182                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::183                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::184                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::185                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::186                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::187                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::188                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::189                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::190                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::191                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::192                   1.071512                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::193                   1.013856                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::194                   0.595605                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::195                   1.122743                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::196                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::197                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::198                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::199                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::200                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::201                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::202                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::203                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::204                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::205                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::206                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::207                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::208                   0.936688                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::209                   0.566680                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::210                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::211                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::212                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::213                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::214                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::215                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::216                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::217                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::218                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::219                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::220                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::221                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::222                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::223                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::224                   0.863536                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::225                   1.615593                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::226                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::227                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::228                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::229                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::230                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::231                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::232                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::233                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::234                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::235                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::236                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::237                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::238                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::239                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::240                   0.567772                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::241                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::242                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::243                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::244                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::245                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::246                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::247                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::248                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::249                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::250                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::251                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::252                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::253                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::254                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::255                  30.606579                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::256                          0                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_ST::257                  30.640287                       # average Number of STs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::0                            0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::1                            0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::2                            0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::3                            0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::4                            0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::5                            0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::6                            0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::7                            0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::8                     0.124348                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::9                            0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::10                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::11                    0.907142                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::12                    0.163831                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::13                    0.767583                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::14                    1.087947                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::15                    1.012429                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::16                    1.317956                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::17                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::18                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::19                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::20                    0.089878                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::21                    0.746819                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::22                    0.756661                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::23                    0.517730                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::24                    0.057880                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::25                    0.683517                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::26                    0.898767                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::27                    1.143371                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::28                    0.959840                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::29                    0.996242                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::30                    1.090818                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::31                    1.087673                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::32                    0.855838                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::33                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::34                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::35                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::36                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::37                    0.555607                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::38                    0.413260                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::39                    0.824144                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::40                    0.881441                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::41                    0.969165                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::42                    1.048790                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::43                    1.042503                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::44                    1.176634                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::45                    1.138638                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::46                    1.066023                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::47                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::48                    0.833220                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::49                    0.343920                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::50                    0.311162                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::51                    0.746520                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::52                    0.536048                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::53                    0.624037                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::54                    0.905646                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::55                    0.897257                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::56                    0.942382                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::57                    0.995146                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::58                    1.176638                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::59                    1.131653                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::60                    1.110998                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::61                    1.159980                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::62                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::63                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::64                    0.888736                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::65                    0.100579                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::66                    0.696425                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::67                    0.949469                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::68                    0.973167                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::69                    0.976193                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::70                    1.009402                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::71                    1.034078                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::72                    1.029183                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::73                    1.041612                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::74                    1.254104                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::75                    1.155324                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::76                    1.159765                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::77                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::78                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::79                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::80                    0.989337                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::81                    0.814388                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::82                    0.953813                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::83                    0.883220                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::84                    0.886120                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::85                    0.899962                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::86                    0.937117                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::87                    1.116945                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::88                    1.047569                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::89                    1.168280                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::90                    1.196338                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::91                    1.303873                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::92                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::93                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::94                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::95                           0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::96                    0.918195                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::97                    0.977116                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::98                    0.960715                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::99                    0.954766                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::100                   0.968061                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::101                   0.920699                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::102                   1.058490                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::103                   1.124280                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::104                   1.142220                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::105                   1.157655                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::106                   1.125273                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::107                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::108                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::109                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::110                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::111                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::112                   0.952170                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::113                   0.871789                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::114                   1.033008                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::115                   0.954555                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::116                   0.899516                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::117                   1.135698                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::118                   1.130323                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::119                   1.115742                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::120                   1.113739                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::121                   1.227923                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::122                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::123                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::124                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::125                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::126                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::127                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::128                   1.333857                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::129                   1.076068                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::130                   1.121659                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::131                   0.857356                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::132                   1.037581                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::133                   1.091091                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::134                   1.047313                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::135                   1.063423                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::136                   1.222241                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::137                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::138                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::139                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::140                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::141                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::142                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::143                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::144                   1.121425                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::145                   0.993680                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::146                   1.165132                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::147                   1.023840                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::148                   1.144679                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::149                   1.116446                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::150                   1.068412                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::151                   1.294310                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::152                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::153                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::154                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::155                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::156                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::157                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::158                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::159                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::160                   1.199453                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::161                   0.982927                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::162                   0.989647                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::163                   1.163237                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::164                   1.109031                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::165                   0.893419                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::166                   0.775119                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::167                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::168                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::169                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::170                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::171                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::172                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::173                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::174                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::175                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::176                   1.339776                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::177                   1.035550                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::178                   1.004858                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::179                   1.064569                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::180                   1.281296                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::181                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::182                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::183                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::184                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::185                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::186                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::187                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::188                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::189                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::190                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::191                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::192                   1.301836                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::193                   0.812468                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::194                   0.601821                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::195                   0.571220                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::196                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::197                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::198                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::199                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::200                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::201                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::202                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::203                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::204                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::205                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::206                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::207                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::208                   1.591274                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::209                   0.402641                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::210                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::211                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::212                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::213                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::214                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::215                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::216                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::217                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::218                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::219                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::220                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::221                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::222                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::223                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::224                   1.506129                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::225                   0.563563                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::226                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::227                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::228                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::229                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::230                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::231                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::232                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::233                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::234                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::235                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::236                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::237                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::238                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::239                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::240                   1.252437                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::241                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::242                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::243                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::244                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::245                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::246                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::247                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::248                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::249                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::250                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::251                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::252                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::253                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::254                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::255                  28.558674                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::256                          0                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_HT::257                  28.559699                       # average Number of HTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::0                            0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::1                            0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::2                            0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::3                            0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::4                            0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::5                            0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::6                            0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::7                            0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::8                     0.092182                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::9                            0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::10                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::11                    0.286856                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::12                    0.118004                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::13                    0.662642                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::14                    0.600408                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::15                    0.748329                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::16                    0.756616                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::17                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::18                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::19                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::20                    0.060800                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::21                    0.627328                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::22                    0.648567                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::23                    0.407905                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::24                    0.046304                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::25                    0.394134                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::26                    0.597750                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::27                    0.556175                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::28                    0.726807                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::29                    0.665575                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::30                    0.740593                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::31                    0.745412                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::32                    0.015338                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::33                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::34                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::35                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::36                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::37                    0.462322                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::38                    0.320995                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::39                    0.485171                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::40                    0.482808                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::41                    0.587930                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::42                    0.684865                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::43                    0.705646                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::44                    0.687844                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::45                    0.722090                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::46                    0.785299                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::47                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::48                    0.453359                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::49                    0.442182                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::50                    0.591458                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::51                    0.480851                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::52                    0.353357                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::53                    0.511410                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::54                    0.713674                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::55                    0.620290                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::56                    0.635037                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::57                    0.736057                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::58                    0.678978                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::59                    0.742643                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::60                    0.698544                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::61                    0.747618                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::62                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::63                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::64                    0.417600                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::65                    0.042670                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::66                    0.741135                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::67                    0.690230                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::68                    0.616907                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::69                    0.724289                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::70                    0.703367                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::71                    0.629818                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::72                    0.724151                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::73                    0.695101                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::74                    0.726872                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::75                    0.717893                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::76                    0.740618                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::77                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::78                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::79                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::80                    0.375171                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::81                    0.519661                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::82                    0.574598                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::83                    0.653793                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::84                    0.629521                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::85                    0.660872                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::86                    0.644303                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::87                    0.737970                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::88                    0.708580                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::89                    0.743744                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::90                    0.761680                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::91                    0.717177                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::92                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::93                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::94                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::95                           0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::96                    0.570022                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::97                    0.590844                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::98                    0.580702                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::99                    0.776256                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::100                   0.688078                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::101                   0.740372                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::102                   0.724797                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::103                   0.755097                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::104                   0.734684                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::105                   0.761623                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::106                   0.733566                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::107                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::108                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::109                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::110                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::111                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::112                   0.674036                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::113                   0.585842                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::114                   0.682696                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::115                   0.695465                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::116                   0.763445                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::117                   0.697111                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::118                   0.707372                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::119                   0.751374                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::120                   0.781248                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::121                   0.731398                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::122                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::123                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::124                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::125                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::126                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::127                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::128                   0.401486                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::129                   0.613307                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::130                   0.628535                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::131                   0.749022                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::132                   0.746770                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::133                   0.779053                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::134                   0.802981                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::135                   0.707730                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::136                   0.587167                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::137                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::138                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::139                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::140                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::141                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::142                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::143                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::144                   0.608344                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::145                   0.579817                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::146                   0.736342                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::147                   0.689631                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::148                   0.814618                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::149                   0.722327                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::150                   0.739055                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::151                   0.684799                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::152                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::153                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::154                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::155                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::156                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::157                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::158                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::159                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::160                   0.574922                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::161                   0.799142                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::162                   0.754493                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::163                   0.700449                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::164                   0.687333                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::165                   0.576338                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::166                   0.372495                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::167                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::168                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::169                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::170                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::171                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::172                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::173                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::174                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::175                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::176                   0.423107                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::177                   0.701748                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::178                   0.628426                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::179                   0.635974                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::180                   0.471528                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::181                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::182                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::183                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::184                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::185                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::186                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::187                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::188                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::189                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::190                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::191                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::192                   0.328573                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::193                   0.599915                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::194                   0.436063                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::195                   0.413642                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::196                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::197                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::198                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::199                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::200                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::201                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::202                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::203                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::204                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::205                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::206                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::207                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::208                   0.179030                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::209                   0.432466                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::210                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::211                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::212                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::213                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::214                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::215                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::216                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::217                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::218                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::219                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::220                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::221                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::222                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::223                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::224                   0.145094                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::225                   0.789886                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::226                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::227                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::228                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::229                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::230                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::231                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::232                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::233                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::234                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::235                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::236                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::237                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::238                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::239                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::240                   0.050097                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::241                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::242                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::243                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::244                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::245                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::246                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::247                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::248                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::249                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::250                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::251                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::252                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::253                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::254                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::255                  28.184013                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::256                          0                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_TT::257                  28.129819                       # average Number of TTs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::0                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::1                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::2                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::3                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::4                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::5                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::6                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::7                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::8                       1006                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::9                          0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::10                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::11                       448                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::12                       312                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::13                      2598                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::14                      8192                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::15                     22214                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::16                     84318                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::17                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::18                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::19                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::20                       155                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::21                       177                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::22                       165                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::23                       524                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::24                       154                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::25                       808                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::26                       917                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::27                      4097                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::28                     16680                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::29                     49608                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::30                    132320                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::31                    308325                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::32                      1456                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::33                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::34                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::35                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::36                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::37                       286                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::38                       955                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::39                      1774                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::40                      4724                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::41                      5601                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::42                     18076                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::43                     57218                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::44                    157361                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::45                    382209                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::46                    538753                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::47                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::48                      1263                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::49                       151                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::50                       504                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::51                       644                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::52                       617                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::53                      1992                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::54                      5720                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::55                     12760                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::56                     27812                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::57                     54499                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::58                    139233                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::59                    352438                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::60                    644785                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::61                    586456                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::62                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::63                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::64                      6442                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::65                        84                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::66                       576                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::67                      1633                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::68                      4344                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::69                     14906                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::70                     25293                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::71                     51884                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::72                    120215                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::73                    256255                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::74                    511769                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::75                    758065                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::76                    429677                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::77                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::78                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::79                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::80                      9809                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::81                      1894                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::82                      3472                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::83                     10510                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::84                     19718                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::85                     43943                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::86                     89611                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::87                    175042                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::88                    346044                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::89                    582320                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::90                    586433                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::91                    211095                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::92                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::93                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::94                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::95                         0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::96                     17138                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::97                      3931                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::98                     10109                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::99                     21157                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::100                    52754                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::101                   103750                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::102                   204723                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::103                   354790                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::104                   457358                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::105                   327142                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::106                    69666                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::107                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::108                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::109                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::110                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::111                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::112                    31834                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::113                     6766                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::114                    17904                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::115                    44981                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::116                    98442                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::117                   189567                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::118                   285272                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::119                   269984                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::120                   125074                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::121                    20372                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::122                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::123                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::124                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::125                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::126                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::127                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::128                    42226                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::129                    13063                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::130                    30109                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::131                    66871                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::132                   111495                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::133                   159448                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::134                   115088                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::135                    36009                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::136                     4247                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::137                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::138                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::139                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::140                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::141                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::142                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::143                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::144                    46597                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::145                    14175                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::146                    36084                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::147                    59849                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::148                    65642                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::149                    39012                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::150                     9032                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::151                      413                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::152                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::153                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::154                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::155                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::156                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::157                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::158                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::159                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::160                    46810                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::161                    11343                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::162                    19996                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::163                    22179                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::164                    10639                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::165                     1109                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::166                      300                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::167                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::168                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::169                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::170                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::171                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::172                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::173                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::174                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::175                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::176                    28820                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::177                     5958                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::178                     5958                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::179                     2310                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::180                      726                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::181                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::182                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::183                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::184                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::185                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::186                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::187                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::188                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::189                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::190                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::191                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::192                     9845                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::193                     1032                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::194                      770                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::195                      149                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::196                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::197                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::198                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::199                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::200                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::201                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::202                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::203                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::204                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::205                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::206                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::207                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::208                     3987                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::209                      162                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::210                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::211                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::212                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::213                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::214                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::215                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::216                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::217                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::218                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::219                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::220                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::221                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::222                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::223                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::224                      596                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::225                      230                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::226                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::227                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::228                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::229                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::230                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::231                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::232                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::233                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::234                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::235                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::236                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::237                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::238                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::239                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::240                      144                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::241                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::242                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::243                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::244                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::245                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::246                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::247                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::248                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::249                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::250                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::251                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::252                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::253                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::254                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::255                428189235                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::256                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::257                        0                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ZT::total              439815711                       # toal Number of ZT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::0                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::1                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::2                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::3                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::4                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::5                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::6                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::7                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::8                        271                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::9                          0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::10                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::11                       127                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::12                        84                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::13                       793                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::14                      2241                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::15                      5901                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::16                     23167                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::17                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::18                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::19                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::20                        44                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::21                        33                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::22                        39                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::23                        94                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::24                        48                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::25                       227                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::26                       306                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::27                      1118                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::28                      4796                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::29                     13940                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::30                     35890                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::31                     85854                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::32                       315                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::33                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::34                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::35                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::36                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::37                       114                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::38                       271                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::39                       483                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::40                      1462                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::41                      1569                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::42                      5081                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::43                     16352                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::44                     43405                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::45                    104772                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::46                    150753                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::47                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::48                       438                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::49                        57                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::50                       124                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::51                       196                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::52                       191                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::53                       510                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::54                      1756                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::55                      3861                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::56                      8001                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::57                     16066                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::58                     39922                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::59                    100108                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::60                    179694                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::61                    161528                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::62                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::63                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::64                      1991                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::65                       125                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::66                       409                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::67                       428                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::68                      1306                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::69                      4521                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::70                      7918                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::71                     15583                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::72                     35441                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::73                     73421                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::74                    146030                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::75                    213624                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::76                    120275                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::77                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::78                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::79                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::80                      3015                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::81                       581                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::82                      1308                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::83                      3255                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::84                      5956                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::85                     13420                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::86                     27321                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::87                     52573                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::88                    102152                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::89                    166804                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::90                    165942                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::91                     59726                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::92                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::93                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::94                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::95                         0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::96                      5781                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::97                      1378                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::98                      3634                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::99                      7078                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::100                    16316                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::101                    31962                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::102                    61908                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::103                   105540                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::104                   131459                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::105                    92809                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::106                    19676                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::107                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::108                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::109                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::110                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::111                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::112                    10563                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::113                     2189                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::114                     5823                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::115                    14396                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::116                    30711                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::117                    57050                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::118                    83968                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::119                    78930                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::120                    35396                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::121                     5579                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::122                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::123                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::124                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::125                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::126                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::127                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::128                    13265                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::129                     4359                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::130                     9373                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::131                    20711                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::132                    33333                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::133                    47744                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::134                    32863                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::135                    10030                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::136                     1144                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::137                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::138                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::139                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::140                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::141                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::142                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::143                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::144                    14517                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::145                     4402                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::146                    11012                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::147                    17967                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::148                    19971                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::149                    11633                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::150                     2659                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::151                      154                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::152                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::153                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::154                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::155                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::156                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::157                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::158                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::159                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::160                    14109                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::161                     3959                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::162                     6276                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::163                     6594                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::164                     3167                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::165                      305                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::166                       91                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::167                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::168                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::169                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::170                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::171                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::172                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::173                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::174                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::175                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::176                     8525                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::177                     1849                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::178                     1935                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::179                      651                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::180                      215                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::181                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::182                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::183                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::184                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::185                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::186                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::187                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::188                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::189                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::190                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::191                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::192                     2647                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::193                      329                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::194                      189                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::195                       57                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::196                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::197                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::198                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::199                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::200                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::201                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::202                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::203                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::204                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::205                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::206                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::207                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::208                     1014                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::209                       38                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::210                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::211                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::212                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::213                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::214                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::215                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::216                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::217                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::218                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::219                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::220                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::221                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::222                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::223                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::224                      136                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::225                      143                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::226                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::227                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::228                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::229                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::230                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::231                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::232                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::233                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::234                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::235                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::236                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::237                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::238                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::239                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::240                       34                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::241                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::242                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::243                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::244                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::245                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::246                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::247                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::248                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::249                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::250                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::251                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::252                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::253                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::254                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::255                 81170471                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::256                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::257                        0                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_ST::total               84515144                       # toal Number of ST of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::0                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::1                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::2                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::3                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::4                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::5                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::6                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::7                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::8                        153                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::9                          0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::10                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::11                       131                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::12                        69                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::13                       594                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::14                      1733                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::15                      4627                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::16                     18796                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::17                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::18                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::19                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::20                        34                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::21                        25                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::22                        28                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::23                        87                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::24                        30                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::25                       145                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::26                       199                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::27                       882                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::28                      3950                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::29                     10883                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::30                     28798                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::31                     68487                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::32                       217                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::33                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::34                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::35                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::36                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::37                        66                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::38                       195                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::39                       349                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::40                      1040                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::41                      1232                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::42                      4058                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::43                     12652                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::44                     35791                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::45                     85210                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::46                    121287                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::47                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::48                       256                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::49                        21                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::50                        62                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::51                       112                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::52                       127                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::53                       323                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::54                      1128                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::55                      2734                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::56                      5826                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::57                     12119                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::58                     32048                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::59                     81805                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::60                    148813                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::61                    135151                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::62                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::63                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::64                      1319                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::65                        33                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::66                       163                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::67                       286                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::68                       874                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::69                      3175                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::70                      5425                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::71                     11545                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::72                     27779                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::73                     59201                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::74                    118905                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::75                    175853                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::76                    102195                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::77                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::78                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::79                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::80                      2204                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::81                       385                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::82                       837                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::83                      2163                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::84                      3932                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::85                      9371                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::86                     19697                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::87                     40082                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::88                     81825                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::89                    137723                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::90                    140041                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::91                     50747                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::92                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::93                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::94                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::95                         0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::96                      3692                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::97                       845                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::98                      2236                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::99                      4578                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::100                    11510                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::101                    22750                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::102                    46410                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::103                    83371                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::104                   108579                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::105                    77560                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::106                    17034                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::107                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::108                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::109                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::110                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::111                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::112                     7836                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::113                     1448                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::114                     3866                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::115                    10077                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::116                    21983                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::117                    43213                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::118                    67081                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::119                    65137                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::120                    30786                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::121                     5086                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::122                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::123                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::124                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::125                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::126                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::127                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::128                    10772                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::129                     3130                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::130                     6758                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::131                    14729                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::132                    25399                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::133                    36916                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::134                    27108                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::135                     8839                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::136                     1163                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::137                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::138                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::139                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::140                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::141                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::142                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::143                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::144                    12168                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::145                     3143                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::146                     8121                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::147                    13490                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::148                    15612                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::149                     9590                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::150                     2266                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::151                      132                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::152                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::153                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::154                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::155                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::156                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::157                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::158                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::159                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::160                    12169                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::161                     2679                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::162                     4690                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::163                     5237                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::164                     2646                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::165                      215                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::166                       78                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::167                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::168                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::169                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::170                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::171                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::172                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::173                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::174                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::175                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::176                     8892                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::177                     1572                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::178                     1378                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::179                      551                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::180                      230                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::181                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::182                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::183                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::184                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::185                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::186                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::187                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::188                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::189                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::190                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::191                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::192                     3988                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::193                      255                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::194                      199                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::195                       29                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::196                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::197                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::198                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::199                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::200                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::201                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::202                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::203                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::204                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::205                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::206                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::207                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::208                     1821                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::209                       27                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::210                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::211                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::212                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::213                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::214                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::215                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::216                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::217                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::218                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::219                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::220                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::221                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::222                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::223                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::224                      273                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::225                       72                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::226                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::227                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::228                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::229                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::230                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::231                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::232                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::233                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::234                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::235                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::236                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::237                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::238                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::239                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::240                       75                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::241                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::242                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::243                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::244                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::245                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::246                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::247                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::248                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::249                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::250                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::251                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::252                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::253                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::254                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::255                 76015661                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::256                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::257                        0                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_HT::total               78715184                       # toal Number of HT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::0                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::1                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::2                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::3                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::4                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::5                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::6                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::7                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::8                        106                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::9                          0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::10                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::11                        62                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::12                        47                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::13                       367                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::14                      1146                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::15                      3354                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::16                     13751                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::17                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::18                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::19                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::20                        23                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::21                        21                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::22                        24                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::23                        63                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::24                        24                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::25                       100                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::26                       114                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::27                       559                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::28                      2478                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::29                      7233                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::30                     20080                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::31                     50358                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::32                        60                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::33                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::34                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::35                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::36                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::37                        46                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::38                       115                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::39                       210                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::40                       710                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::41                       814                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::42                      2737                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::43                      8242                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::44                     23027                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::45                     57313                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::46                     85719                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::47                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::48                        91                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::49                        27                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::50                        78                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::51                        72                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::52                        89                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::53                       247                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::54                       868                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::55                      1893                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::56                      4185                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::57                      7940                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::58                     20221                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::59                     51889                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::60                     95764                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::61                     90945                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::62                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::63                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::64                       488                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::65                        14                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::66                       132                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::67                       213                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::68                       644                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::69                      2230                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::70                      3860                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::71                      7772                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::72                     18037                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::73                     37619                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::74                     76032                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::75                    112234                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::76                     66701                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::77                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::78                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::79                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::80                       844                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::81                       212                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::82                       527                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::83                      1480                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::84                      2906                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::85                      6482                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::86                     13643                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::87                     26447                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::88                     51867                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::89                     86721                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::90                     86784                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::91                     32480                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::92                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::93                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::94                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::95                         0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::96                      1805                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::97                       502                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::98                      1429                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::99                      3283                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::100                     7996                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::101                    15874                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::102                    31279                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::103                    54315                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::104                    68812                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::105                    49049                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::106                    10616                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::107                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::108                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::109                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::110                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::111                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::112                     3015                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::113                      861                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::114                     2615                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::115                     6834                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::116                    15008                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::117                    28890                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::118                    43935                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::119                    41373                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::120                    18920                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::121                     3011                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::122                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::123                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::124                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::125                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::126                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::127                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::128                     4137                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::129                     1720                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::130                     4448                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::131                    10073                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::132                    17421                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::133                    24948                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::134                    17709                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::135                     5538                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::136                      614                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::137                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::138                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::139                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::140                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::141                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::142                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::143                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::144                     4798                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::145                     2088                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::146                     5455                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::147                     9302                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::148                    10135                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::149                     6069                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::150                     1403                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::151                       69                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::152                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::153                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::154                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::155                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::156                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::157                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::158                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::159                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::160                     5248                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::161                     1731                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::162                     3086                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::163                     3622                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::164                     1724                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::165                      163                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::166                       43                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::167                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::168                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::169                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::170                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::171                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::172                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::173                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::174                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::175                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::176                     2659                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::177                      861                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::178                      969                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::179                      328                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::180                      109                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::181                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::182                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::183                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::184                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::185                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::186                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::187                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::188                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::189                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::190                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::191                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::192                      416                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::193                      176                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::194                      122                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::195                       21                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::196                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::197                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::198                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::199                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::200                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::201                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::202                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::203                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::204                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::205                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::206                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::207                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::208                       90                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::209                       29                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::210                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::211                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::212                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::213                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::214                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::215                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::216                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::217                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::218                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::219                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::220                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::221                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::222                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::223                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::224                       19                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::225                       67                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::226                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::227                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::228                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::229                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::230                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::231                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::232                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::233                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::234                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::235                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::236                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::237                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::238                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::239                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::240                        3                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::241                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::242                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::243                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::244                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::245                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::246                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::247                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::248                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::249                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::250                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::251                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::252                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::253                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::254                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::255                 75080825                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::256                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::257                        0                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_TT::total               76827241                       # toal Number of TT of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::0                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::1                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::2                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::3                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::4                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::5                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::6                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::7                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.avg_fb::8                            0                       # average Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::0                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::1                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::2                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::3                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::4                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::5                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::6                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::7                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::8                          0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.total_fb::total                      0                       # toal Number of fbs of different Hamming distance HD
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::0                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::1                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::2                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::3                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::4                         0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.lru_trans::total                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if lru
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::0                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::1                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::2                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::3                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::4                     0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.optimal_trans::total                 0                       # total Number of 4 transitions if optimamized
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 35916.266335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                     2698954                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                    138080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                     19.546306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    33803.570715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          2.945832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          2.028081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   461.800450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1636.186649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.inst     1.404746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus_1.data     8.329861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.515802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.007047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.024966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.000021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus_1.data     0.000127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.548039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         62232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1640                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        19776                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        38974                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1623                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.949585                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                 176836619                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                176836619                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332702790396                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2552260                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2552260                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2023899                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       356786                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               2380685                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1610                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       165888                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          306                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus_1.data        33973                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            201777                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          1610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       2189787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       390759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                  2582462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1610                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2189787                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.inst          306                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus_1.data       390759                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                 2582462                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74067                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data        62923                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              136990                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          521                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2619                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          155                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus_1.data         1144                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            4446                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                   4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        76686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus_1.data        64067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                 141436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          521                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        76686                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          155                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus_1.data        64067                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                141436                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6153192981                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   5026976325                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   11180169306                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst       227439                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       320346                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     48229722                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    276866856                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     16549434                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data    131592942                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    473786739                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst        227439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data        320346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     48229722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6430059837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     16549434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   5158569267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      11653956045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst       227439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data       320346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     48229722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6430059837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     16549434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   5158569267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     11653956045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2552260                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2552260                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2097966                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       419709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2517675                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       168507                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst          461                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data        35117                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        206223                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2266473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst          461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       454826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total              2723898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2266473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.inst          461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus_1.data       454826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total             2723898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035304                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.149921                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.054411                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244486                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015542                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.336226                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.032577                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.021559                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.336226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.140860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.051924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.336226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.140860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.051924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83076.039005                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 79890.919457                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81613.032382                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        75813                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80086.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92571.443378                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105714.721649                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 106770.541935                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 115028.795455                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106564.718623                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        75813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80086.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92571.443378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83849.201119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 106770.541935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 80518.352147                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82397.381466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        75813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80086.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92571.443378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83849.201119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 106770.541935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 80518.352147                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82397.381466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.writebacks::writebacks                73991                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.writebacks::total                     73991                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          366                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           366                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74067                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data        62923                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         136990                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          521                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2619                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          155                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data         1144                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         4446                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data              4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        76686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data        64067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            141436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst             3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data             4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        76686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.inst          155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus_1.data        64067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           141436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5647621809                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   4597454391                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10245076200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       206856                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       293475                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44671139                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    258995360                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     15490207                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data    123786083                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    443443120                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       206856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       293475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44671139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5906617169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     15490207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   4721240474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10688519320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst       206856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       293475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44671139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5906617169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst     15490207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data   4721240474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10688519320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.149921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.336226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.032577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.336226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.140860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.051924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.inst     0.336226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus_1.data     0.140860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.051924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76250.176313                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 73064.767907                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74787.037010                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        68952                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73368.750000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85741.149712                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98890.935472                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 99936.819355                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 108204.618007                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99739.793072                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        68952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73368.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85741.149712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77023.409345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 99936.819355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 73692.235847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75571.419723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        68952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73368.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85741.149712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77023.409345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.inst 99936.819355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus_1.data 73692.235847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75571.419723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        216825                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        75389                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332702790396                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4446                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        73991                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            136990                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           136990                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4446                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       179325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       178936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total       358261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 358261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      6899264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      6888064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total     13787328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                13787328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            141436                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  141436    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              141436                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           298095512                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           297715672                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          752966338                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            266823099                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              13959                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        266837058                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           110835176                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             16880                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       110852056                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            377658275                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              30839                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        377689114                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits          1000030841                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                31                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses      1000030872                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 1006484036139                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               2958796275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1000000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1000000002                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses     999325565                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses          59381                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls              258568                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts     44999563                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts            999325565                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                 59381                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads   1606886088                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes    843314878                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads        74829                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes        49659                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs             377689114                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts           266837058                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts          110852056                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       23711.901925                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       2958772563.098075                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999992                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000008                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                  45410823                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass        517194      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu         621777866     62.18%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult               89      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd           23713      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp            3872      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt            2467      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult           8943      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             311      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMisc              0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead        266828341     26.68%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite       110847970     11.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemRead        15989      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemWrite         4086      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total         1000030841                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.lookups       9274944                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condPredicted      9149393                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condIncorrect        27572                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBLookups      6847790                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHits       6818461                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHitPct    99.571701                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.usedRAS         43500                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.RASInCorrect           12                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectLookups        12871                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectHits        12557                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectMisses          314                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPredindirectMispredicted          215                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_hits           54069556                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_misses             9012                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_acv                  11                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.read_accesses       54078568                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_hits          22238301                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_misses           23251                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_acv                 15                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.write_accesses      22261552                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_hits           76307857                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_misses            32263                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_acv                  26                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.data_accesses       76340120                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_hits          13647436                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_misses             374                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.fetch_accesses      13647810                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 1006484036139                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus_1.numCycles               63654085                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.icacheStallCycles     13689559                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Insts            202255288                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Branches           9274944                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.predictedBranches      6874518                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Cycles            49892525                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.SquashCycles         73152                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.MiscStallCycles           73                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         4968                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.CacheLines        13647436                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12766                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::samples     63623727                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::mean     3.178929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.577024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::0       32012043     50.31%     50.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::1          79126      0.12%     50.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::2        4464286      7.02%     57.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::3          38779      0.06%     57.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::4        2385690      3.75%     61.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::5        4433558      6.97%     68.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::6          97562      0.15%     68.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::7          66133      0.10%     68.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::8       20046550     31.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::total     63623727                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.branchRate        0.145709                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rate              3.177413                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.IdleCycles       11659729                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BlockedCycles     21442498                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.RunCycles        28793416                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.UnblockCycles      1691925                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashCycles        36158                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BranchResolved      6793331                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BranchMispred          435                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.DecodedInsts    201755554                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashedInsts         1793                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SquashCycles        36158                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IdleCycles       12272023                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.BlockCycles       2210804                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializeStallCycles       241376                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RunCycles        29852316                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UnblockCycles     19011049                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedInsts    201635357                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.ROBFullEvents          688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IQFullEvents        93158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.LQFullEvents     13975823                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SQFullEvents      4663759                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedOperands    169992782                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenameLookups    323793320                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.int_rename_lookups    323764945                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.fp_rename_lookups        20111                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.CommittedMaps    168766355                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UndoneMaps        1226363                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializingInsts        14616                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1905                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.skidInsts         8779505                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedLoads     53740039                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedStores     22318072                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingLoads      4123698                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingStores      6803938                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsAdded        201323473                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3670                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsIssued       201425762                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2467                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1327080                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       700219                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1105                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     63623727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     3.165891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.471548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15561261     24.46%     24.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3787750      5.95%     30.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      7285950     11.45%     41.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8337337     13.10%     54.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7503060     11.79%     66.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8297592     13.04%     79.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      6109686      9.60%     89.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4032943      6.34%     95.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2708148      4.26%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     63623727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1635759     51.20%     51.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     51.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     51.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            7      0.00%     51.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           28      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemRead      1549446     48.50%     99.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9082      0.28%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead           79      0.00%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite          176      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    125042075     62.08%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult           59      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd         3909      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp          657      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          500      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult         1441      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv           66      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     54108523     26.86%     88.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22264514     11.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         3331      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          687      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::total    201425762                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.rate                 3.164381                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3194577                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.015860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    469650799                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    202636071                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    200867270                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        21493                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        21577                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         9468                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_alu_accesses    204609458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_alu_accesses         10881                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2208948                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       350239                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          213                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3469                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       139479                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           40                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       426568                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewSquashCycles        36158                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewBlockCycles        281061                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1875844                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    201460968                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1147                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     53740039                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     22318072                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12412                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      1845752                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3469                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11656                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16779                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.branchMispredicts        28435                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecutedInsts    201358709                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     54078626                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        67050                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_nop              133825                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_refs           76340211                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_branches        9159535                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_stores         22261585                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_rate           3.163327                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_sent            200929157                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_count           200876738                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_producers       130029561                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_consumers       178521486                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_rate             3.155756                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_fanout           0.728369                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1265982                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2565                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branchMispredicts        27154                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     63439999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     3.154218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.493720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23614598     37.22%     37.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11491591     18.11%     55.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2517446      3.97%     59.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2936285      4.63%     63.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       422314      0.67%     64.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1971510      3.11%     67.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       199962      0.32%     68.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       268650      0.42%     68.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     20017643     31.55%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     63439999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedInsts    200103610                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedOps    200103610                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.refs             75568371                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.loads            53389787                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.membars              1282                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branches          9081009                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.fp_insts             7063                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.int_insts       199966042                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.function_calls        26169                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       103604      0.05%      0.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu    124425131     62.18%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           14      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         3080      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp          511      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt          406      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult         1162      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv           49      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     53389445     26.68%     88.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     22178353     11.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1624      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          231      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::total    200103610                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.bw_lim_events     20017643                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_reads          244712817                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_writes         402925434                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus_1.timesIdled                   820                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus_1.idleCycles                 30358                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus_1.committedInsts         200000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.committedOps           200000006                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi                     0.318270                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi_total               0.318270                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc                     3.141982                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc_total               3.141982                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_reads      323290813                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_writes     169527460                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_reads           12302                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_writes           8075                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.misc_regfile_reads         13678                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.misc_regfile_writes         2564                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5443152                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2719254                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            825                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          825                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 111332702790396                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            206223                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2626251                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          168851                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2517675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2517675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       206223                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side      8167050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side    337674112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                           75848                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                   4735424                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2799746                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000295                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.017163                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                2798921     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                    825      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total            2799746                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2662472196                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1814116068                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
